Title: The Wonder Forge Dr Seuss Super Stretchy ABCs ; Description: Get wild, twisty, turny, and super-stretchy in this imaginative, active game! Thing One and Thing Two are whirling up a tornado of fun! Stretch to the letters on the giant floor mat! How many toys can you get back in your box? There are hundreds of body-twisting, letter-matching challenges, and every game is super-stretchy fun!Alphabet learning fun!Collect the toys!Twisty, turny, active play!In this social, active game, Dr. Seuss comes to life in a whole new way! Whirl the Thing One and Thing Two tornado to deal out letter-to-body-part challenges. Then get ready to twist, turn, and s-t-r-e-t-c-h on your belly and back! Can you touch your hand to the E &#x2026; while putting your foot on the K &#x2026; and also place your ear on the Q? Perfect for playdates, parties, sleepovers, and rainy days, this game offers lots of active play plus great preschool learning fun with letter name and sound recognition, and great confidence-building opportunities with every turn.How to play, snapshot!Set out the alphabet mat and give each player a toy box. Gather the coins, mix them up and stack them into the tornado tube. Draw one Secret Letter card and place it face down on the tornado board. On your turn, stand on the Alphabet Mat. The Callers will rotate the Tornado Tube in a circle which will drop coins into five holes in the Tornado Board. Now it&#x2019;s up to you to complete as many call outs as possible&#x2014;you&#x2019;ll earn a coin for each one! Collect as many letter coins as you can. If you have the coin with the Secret Letter on it at the end of the game, you win!QualityWonder Forge has won over 120 prestigious awards by creating good-for-you games that encourage teamwork, healthy competition, and get-up-and-go active play! Dr. Seuss Super Stretchy ABCs Game is a winner of the 2009 Creative Child Game of the Year Award, 2009 Oppenheim Platinum Award, 2009 The National Parenting Center Seal of Approval, 2010 Canadian Toy Test Council 3 Stars, 2009 Parents&#x2019; Choice Gold Award, and 2010 Oppenheim Best Toys for Kids with ADHD.What's In The Box?1 Alphabet Mat, 1 Tornado Board, 36 Coins, 26 Secret Letter Cards, 4 Toy Boxes, and 1 Rules Manual. This game is intended for 2 to 4 players, ages 3 and up!Twist and turn! ; 