Title: Scene It? Disney Magical Moments ; Description: Relive your favorite Disney/Pixar films with Screenlife Scene It? Disney Magical Moments. Recommended for ages 6 and up, this DVD/trivia game features hundreds of questions about your favorite Disney films. More than just a trivia game, Scene It? also challenges you to use observation, memory, wordplay, and problem solving to decode the puzzles that you see on-screen. Designed for two or more players, this family-oriented trivia game will appeal to kids and adult Disney fans alike.Scene It?Disney Magical MomentsAt a Glance:Age:6 and upRequires:DVD player, TV or monitor display, and remote controlInteractive DVD features hundreds of video clips, sound bites, and images from Disney films.This DVD/trivia game features hundreds of questions about your favorite Disney films.View larger.Kids and adult Disney fans alike will catch the Disney spirit!View larger.A Complete Disney ExperienceFrom the game pieces to the trivia cards, every aspect of Scene It? Disney Magical Moments has been infused with the spirit of Disney. The game begins with players choosing one of four collectible tokens to represent their team. Sculpted out of metal, these tokens have been modeled after some of Disney's most recognizable characters, like Buzz Lightyear, Tinkerbell, Wall-E, and Rapunzel. The game board is collapsible and offers two sizes, giving you the option of playing a 15-minute quick game or a 40-minute extended game.Interactive DVD and Trivia CardsTeams advance around the board by answering two types of questions from traditional trivia cards and DVD-based puzzles. The trivia cards come in three different categories: orange "Take Three" questions, blue "Songs and Slogans" questions, and silver "Miscellaneous" questions. They vary in difficulty; some of the tougher questions are challenging enough to stump even the most loyal Disney fans.The main attraction, however, is the interactive DVD. Featuring hundreds of video clips, sound bites, and images from various Disney films, the DVD challenges players to solve mind-bending puzzles. With a variety of different puzzle categories, the DVD puts your knowledge of Disney films to the test. Categories include "Sketch It," where players must identify a character based on an in-progress sketch, and "Best Buds," which challenges players to match characters from the same film.Fun for the Whole FamilyThe Scene It? DVD has been designed with Disney fans in mind. It pays homage to nearly every Disney film ever made, ranging from old classics like Snow White and Peter Pan to new favorites like WALL-E and Tangled. You'll see cameos by your favorite characters, watch video clips from classic films, and be treated to various Disney soundtracks.With hundreds of questions, Disney Scene It? has something for all Disney fans. The game is difficult enough to pose a challenge to Disney die-hards, but children and casual fans won't be excluded. The game includes an easier category of cards intended especially for children.What's in the BoxDVD, game board, 4 metal tokens, 160 trivia cards, 20 buzz cards, 4 category reference cards, 6-sided numbered die, 8-sided category die, and instruction sheet.Relive unforgettable stories.Revisit favorite characters.Enjoy on-screen puzzles, trivia, and more! ; 