Title: My Little Pony Sing &amp; Dance Pinkie Pie ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }My Little Pony Sing and Dance Pinkie Pie will engage your little girl (age three or older) from the moment the fun-loving pink pony prances out of the box. Turn Pinkie Pie's switch to Play and the toy's cheerful voice immediately says, "Hi, I'm Pinkie Pie! Do you want to sing, dance, or play?" If requested, Pinkie Pie will sing, encourage your child to sing along and dance, and even suggest activities that will make her laugh and exercise her imagination.This brightly colored Pinkie Pie Pony will encourage your child to dance, sing, and exercise.View larger.Dance, Song, and Activity buttons are located on the pony's left front hoof.View larger.Pink, Sturdy, and InsistentPinkie Pie is one sturdy pony. She's solid and she weighs a few pounds -- easy for youngsters to lift, but heavy enough to be stable. That's good, because she's likely to get a room full of little girls dancing and singing and waving their arms around. She's covered with a flexible synthetic skin that feels a little weird to touch at first, but moves well with her actions. Pinkie Pie's mouth moves when she talks or sings, but she does a lot more than just talk; when a button on her left hoof is pressed, she turns her head, blinks, and even wiggles her tail. Overall, Pinkie Pie has eight different songs to sing, four tunes to dance to (one shared with Song mode), and three fun activities to engage your child.One bit of advice for adults: Pinkie Pie arrives with plastic wrapping securing her pink tail and mane. While much of it is easy to remove, some of it will require the steady hand of an adult with a hem ripper or tiny knife. And because your girl will want to use the special pink comb to groom Pinkie Pie's mane as soon as the horse is out of the box, have that hem ripper handy.Another feature that adult assemblers will want to locate right away is the mode switch on the pony's belly. She's packaged in Demo mode with the four C batteries installed, so your child can immediately sample the Dance (pink ballet slipper), Song (yellow musical note), and Activity (orange butterfly) buttons on her left front hoof. But you might want to turn the mode switch to Off for quieter assembly of Pinkie Pie.Girls Will Sing, Dance, and Play with Pinkie PieOnce you extract Pinkie Pie from the packaging and turn the power switch to Play, Pinkie Pie immediately insists that her new friends start singing, dancing, and playing. "Do you want to play?" she invites with a wiggle of her tail. The answer will be a resounding, "Yes!"Pressing the Dance button once starts the first of four dance songs. While Pinkie Pie moves her head and tail in time, she calls out suggestions about how to move. To try another dance or advance to her favorite, a girl can push the button again. Pinkie Pie is happy to oblige with an "I agree! Let's try another one." Or, if the dancer sticks with it to the end, Pinkie Pie says, "You're a great dancer. Do you want to dance again? Touch my ballet slipper." If that doesn't yield a response, Pinkie Pie will try another tack: "What's your favorite color? I like pink," and so forth.This pony is equally engaging and insistent in Song and Activity modes. The Song mode offers eight songs, while the Dance mode offers three additional tunes. The toy includes a book of lyrics to all 11 songs, but the tunes and words are so simple and catchy that most girls will not need to rely on the book.For a static toy -- the pony moves in place, but her legs don't move -- Pinkie Pie does a great job of getting girls moving, imagining, singing, and playing. She comes with enough different songs and activities to keep kids interested long after she's out of her box. She's interactive in the best way: Beyond simply providing buttons to push, she encourages kids to use their own minds and feet in creative ways.One minor criticism is that if Pinkie Pie gets wet, she may cease operating. This could be a problem if Pinkie Pie suffers any of the messes typical with three-year-olds, so parents will want to keep a close eye on Pinkie Pie.ProsSturdy and heavy enough to stand up to three-year-oldsEngages and encourages creativityOffers a variety of different songs, dances, and activitiesConsRemoving packaging from mane is a delicate operationPinkie Pie can't get wetVoice can be annoying if toy is constantly in Play modeWhat's in the BoxPinkie Pie pony, pink plastic comb for grooming, Sing and Dance Pinkie Pie Songbook, instruction booklet, and 4 "C" batteries (installed). ; 