Title: The Game of Life Twists &amp; Turns ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The Game of Life: Twists and Turns puts a new and modern spin on Hasbro's classic family board game. It is a game of choices, where players can "test drive" different lifestyles, take their chances and experience the twists and turns of real life. Jobs, money, marriage, children and all sorts of unexpected events -- just like real life, it's all here! Recommended for ages 8 and up, there are a thousand different ways to play this game, and no two games will ever be the same.Updating a ClassicLike the classic version of the Game of Life, the Game of Life: Twists and Turns is based around real-life events. You'll choose a profession at the beginning of the game, and roll the dice to progress along the board. As you progress, you'll encounter all sorts of real-life events (injected with a hefty dose of humor, of course), including marriage, houses, cars and family matters. You'll essentially live real life and make life-defining decisions, but without having to live with the consequences.However, Twists and Turns has a number of updates in store. Not only does it offer far more choices and possibilities than the original, it also has a number of new technical features that both longtime fans and newly-introduced players will appreciate greatly. The game now features a "LIFEPod," which helps players keep track of time and manage their careers, houses, cars and families with the touch of the button. The high-tech interface adds loads of fun to the game. The innovations don't stop there: each player now gets their very own Visa credit card, which they can use to spend. This not only puts a fresh modern twist on the game, but it also could possibly teach younger players about credit card responsibility at an early age. This gives educational value to an already quirky and fun game.An updated classic game, this version of Life features a LIFEPod to help keep track of players' careers, houses, cars, and families. ; 