Title: VTech - V.Smile Pocket Learning System ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; }#review { width: 100%; font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 12px; } .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }Who says education and fun don't go hand in hand? The portable VTech V.Smile Pocket Learning System combines video games and educational content for brain-building, on-the-go game play or connecting directly to a television at home. Specifically designed for children between ages five and eight, the Pocket V.Smile is a fun way to learn for both enthusiastic and reluctant students.Built For KidsThe Pocket V.Smile's full-color LCD screen with a 320-by-240 pixel resolution competes with the "big kid" video game systems. A unique alternative to other systems, the V.Smile is built inside and out with young children in mind. The big buttons are made for a child's hands, and the games build skills in spelling, logic, counting, problem solving, phonics, and vocabulary. Kids get so engrossed with the V.Smile that they won't even realize how much they're developing their minds in language, science and math. Because they can carry the handheld device wherever they go, kids can learn and play independently while parents can rest assured they are providing something healthy, age-appropriate, and educational.At Home Or On-The-GoWith the included A/V cable, the Pocket V.Smile hooks up directly to televisions as well, requiring no additional equipment. Not only does this option keep kids in one place and allow them to learn and play using a larger screen, but it also makes it easier for them to share the in the fun with friends and siblings -- even parents.More FavoritesThe Pocket V.Smile plays all the same "Smartridges" for the original V.Smile system. This learning system comes bundled with one Smartridge called Zayzoo My Alien Classmate, which teaches skills in math, shapes, time concepts, music, directions, English, and more. A wide selection of other wholesome video games are available separately, involving many favorite characters like Scooby Doo, Dora, Thomas, and Shrek. The Pocket V.Smile requires four "AA" heavy duty batteries (included); alkaline batteries are recommended for longer life and optimum performance.What's in the BoxPocket V.Smile, one Smartridge, A/V cable, wrist strap, manual, and four "AA" batteries.A portable learning system that goes anywhere or connects directly to the television for gaming at home.The battery-operated pocket console plays a variety of imaginative games, including all other V.Smile Smartridges. ; 