Title: POOF-Slinky 0SA227 Scientific Explorer My First Dino Kit, 3-Activities ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0SA227 Scientific Explorer My First Dino Kit transforms children into paleontologists as they lead their own dig and learn important skills such as observation and hand eye coordination. This educational, make-it-yourself kit uses excavation tools to explore and dig out a dinosaur block. Children will learn anatomy as they put together a glow-in-the-dark skeleton and impress their friends as they grow and shrink a giant dino. This kit is packed with dino facts to encourage creative thought and critical thinking skills. In each of the (3) activities, your child will get to act and think like a scientist. They&#x2019;ll compare things, ask questions and make observations using their different senses. Children are sure to become experts on the prehistoric past in no time. Scientific Explorer&#x2019;s My First Dino includes a brush, chisel, dinosaur block, glow-in-the-dark dinosaur skeleton, growing dinosaur, pair of goggles and 7-page activity guide. Let&#x2019;s dig up some dinosaurs! My First Dino is part of the exceptional series of home science kits based on the nationally recognized Great Explorations in Math and Science (GEMS) program pioneered at UC Berkley's Lawrence Hall of Science. Scientific Explorer is the industry leader in science kits that help develop critical thinking skills, inspire imagination and encourage exploration through interactive experiments and activities that make learning fun. The POOF-Slinky 0SA227 Scientific Explorer My First Dino Kit is recommended for children 4-years of age and older with adult supervision. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. ; 