Title: POOF-Slinky 0SA210 Scientific Explorer My First Science Kit, 8-Activites ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0SA210 Scientific Explorer My First Science is a fun and educational make-it-yourself kit that contains mind boggling experiments to delight and educate your young scientist. This kit will have children mixing up magic ooze that has a mind of its own, growing and shrinking colorful crystals, capturing a rainbow in a test tube and exploring the science of color. This kit includes (8) fun and safe activities with everything your child needs to create their own color-mixing laboratory and discover what it&#x2019;s like to learn, think and act like a scientist. Your child will amaze themselves, friends and family as they explore the science behind these truly remarkable reactions. This kit is great for family fun, birthday parties and early learning that will provides a foundation for a lifetime of exploration. Scientific Explorer&#x2019;s My First Science Kit includes cross linked polyacrylamide, (3) color tablets, (3) mixing cups, (3) test tubes with caps, pipette, color mixing tray, magnifier, test tube stand and an 11-page activity guide. My First Science Kit is part of the exceptional series of home science kits based on the nationally recognized Great Explorations in Math and Science (GEMS) program pioneered at UC Berkley's Lawrence Hall of Science. Scientific Explorer is the industry leader in science kits that help develop critical thinking skills, inspire imagination and encourage exploration through interactive experiments and activities that make learning fun. The POOF-Slinky 0SA210 Scientific Explorer My First Science Kit is recommended for children 4-years of age and older with adult supervision. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. ; 