Title: Fisher-Price Infant to Toddler Swing ; Description: Recommended for children ages six months to 36 months, the Fisher-Price Infant to Toddler Swing lets your little one enjoy the fresh air within the safe comfort of a secure seat. Designed to span the development of a child from infant to toddler years, this outdoor baby swing offers hours of fun. Both baby and parent-friendly, it's chock full of features that ensure baby's safety..caption {font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent {list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; } table.callout {font-family: Verdana, Helvetica, Arial, serif; margin: 10px; width: 250; } td.callout {height: 100 percent; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding: 10px; width: 250px; } ul.callout {list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -12px; font-size: 12px; line-height: 1.5em; } h5.callout {text-align: center; }Fisher-Price Infant To Toddler Swing offers:Three-point harness system holds baby securelyReclines back for babies who can't yet sit uprightAttached tray holds toys or snacksThe Infant to Toddler Swing reclines via its ropes for use with infants and growing children.Tray lifts up and stays out of the way while you fasten your little one into the swing.Grows With Your ChildMade to see your child through years of happy play, the Infant to Toddler Swing can be reclined via its ropes for use with infants, and then adjusts to accommodate growing children who can sit upright. A convenient tray holds toys or snacks and lifts up and out of the way for quick and efficient in-and-out. To help keep your child secure, even as he swings back and forth, a dual restraint system with three-point harness holds baby in place. And thick nylon ropes support baby's weight.Quick, Easy Set-UpUse the Infant to Toddler Swing in your yard on sunny days when baby can enjoy the weather, or on those days when the ground is too wet for crawling games. Set-up is a breeze. Once you find a sturdy place to hang and hook the swing, simply level out the ropes for an even hang. With proper set-up, you won't have to worry about the swing twisting, tipping, or rolling.The Infant to Toddler swing measure 14 x 14 x 22 inches (WxHxD) and supports a maximum weight of up to 45 pounds. It's also a snap to take-down for storage or on-the-go portability. ; 