Title: POOF-Slinky 0C4769 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Suitcase with Instructional DVD ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0C4769 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Suitcase is the ultimate set for the aspiring magician. Filled with over (100) of the greatest tricks and props, this set will teach children to perform the same tricks as used by professional magicians like the cups and balls, disappearing dice, trading places illusion, disappearing juice trick, incredible appearing hat, magic drawer trick and many more. The Spectacular Magic Show also comes with a special magician's magic deck of cards to perform mind-blowing card tricks for all their friends and family. The suitcase also doubles as a performance table, measuring 10-inches high and 19.5-inches wide and can be used for magic shows in front of friends and family. This set includes a magic hat, magic wand, suitcase that doubles as a magician's table, props, the "Secrets of 100 Magic Tricks" book and instructional magic trick DVD starring magician Ryan Oakes. Parents and teachers have noted that children who practice the performing art of magic have been able to improve their self-esteem, hand and eye coordination, reading comprehension, public speaking, communication and verbal skills, critical thinking and school grades. Children will wow their audiences and amaze even themselves as they learn all the great secrets of illusion from one of the most complete magic sets ever made. Ideal has been providing classic toys, magic sets, board games, tabletop games and other activities that parents trust and kids love since 1907. The POOF-Slinky 0C4769 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Suitcase is recommended for children 8-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky, Inc. is the maker of POOF, Slinky, Ideal and Scientific Explorer Brands. Their product lines offer new exciting play with the highly successful Sno-Toys line, Fuzzoodles activity kits, as well as timeless classics, such as the original Slinky, Ideal table-top games, wood construction sets and over 400 other products. ; 