Title: Hasbro Playskool Dream Town Rose Petal Cottage ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The Dream Town Rose Petal Cottage gives your little girl a house of her own to live in, take care of and decorate. At just over four feet in height, this cottage offers more than enough playing space to little homeowners while still fitting comfortably within the confines of your living room. The Rose Petal Cottage opens up into a two-sided play arena, essentially giving your child not one but two rooms to explore. Recommended for ages three and up, this cottage will give your little girl's imagination a place to roam free.With the Petal Cottage your little girl can have a house of her own.View larger.View Side-BackThe cottage can be easily stored away.The Perfect PlayhouseEasy for an adult to assemble, the Rose Petal Cottage offers plenty of space to accommodate even the biggest imaginations. It measures 42 inches high by 37 inches wide by 18 inches deep, and will comfortably house your little girl and her friends along with several toys. The cottage has been built with only the softest and safest materials, ensuring your child's safety. For added fun, the cottage comes with a durable fiberboard stove -- the perfect accessory for when it's time to prepare pretend meals. The stove has knobs that really turn and an oven door that opens.Charming DesignThe Rose Petal Cottage has been designed with the sensibilities of young girls in mind. It has a charming and quaint appearance, and is constructed with fabric walls to help children feel right at home. It comes complete with several draped windows, a Dutch door that opens and closes, and a delightful pink chimney.The cottage is colored in a warm mix of pastel blue, pink, viridian, and yellow -- a palette that will be certain to appeal to any little girl. It even has several colored flower and ivy decals to give the cottage a welcoming, rustic feel. In addition, both of the cottage's "rooms" are totally unique and look different from one another, giving your child's imagination even more space to explore.What's in the BoxTwo fabric cottage covers, 38 poles, 28 connector pieces, Rose Petal Stove, and assembly instructions. ; 