Title: Fisher-Price Imaginext Adventures Castle ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; }#review { width: 100%; font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 12px; } .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }Let your little one become the king of the castle with the Imaginext Adventures toy by Fisher Price. Kids ages three and up unlock a new adventure every time they play. Secret passages, revolving walls, and stairs that magically appear out of nowhere create the fantasy world of every child's dreams. Excitement is around every turn with six figure-action points. A working draw-bridge, trap door, and cannon protect the castle from being taken over by intruders. Sometime upon their quest, they may discover the golden throne hidden behind a revolving wall. There is no limit to the adventures that children can act out with this captivating castle.Unlock the MagicFour action figures come with this set with removable helmets, swords, and shields. In case of a sudden attack from dragons or giants, it also comes with two flags and a working cannon. Six figure-activated stones provide hours of imaginative play -- simply place the figure on the point and turn to reveal secret actions! A draw bridge, opening shield, rotating wall, hidden stairs, trap door, and a secret escape bring the youngster back in time to the middle ages. A dungeon door and inner castle doors are also provided. When the child is done playing, this toy folds up for convenient, easy storage. Other play packs and accessories are available to continue the fun. With a sturdy plastic construction and quiet design, the Imaginext Adventures is a great choice for children and their parents.FeaturesThe nooks, crannies, and special features of this product enhance the imagination and keep active children busy. The action figures have moveable arms and legs that are easy to manipulate by little fingers. In addition, the knight's shields and swords stay in place so that the small pieces won't become lost. As the youngster grows, parents can add onto this playset with accessories and other figures, sold separately. Unlike many toys, it fosters imagination rather than replacing it, and is so quiet that kids can play for hours without disturbing their family.What's in the BoxCastle, two flags, working cannon, four figures (helmets, swords, and shields included), inner castle doors, and dungeon door.By placing castle figures on the action stones you can activate magical features.The toy castle has secret passages, trap doors, and even a throne that's hidden behind a revolving wall. ; 