Title: My Little Pony Ponyville Teapot Palace Playset ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Tea parties have never been so fun as they are with the Hasbro My Little Pony Ponyville Teapot Palace Playset! Recommended for children 4 to 8 years of age, the Teapot Palace will transport your little girl into a fanciful world of ponies and tea. With three floors of fun, it will enchant your little girl as she watches the pony guests turn teatime into the ultimate dancing party.The teapot's pink, white, and purple color scheme give it that quiant dollhouse exterior.View larger.View Side-BackOnce opened, the teapot reveals many rooms and activities.View larger.A Tea Party With a SurpriseWith its gentle pink, purple and white color scheme, the My Little Pony Teapot Palace initially appears to be a quaint dollhouse. However, upon opening it, your little girl will discover that the teapot is bursting with excitement and adventure. The pony residents of the palace will "dance" and twirl on the spinning, light-up dance floor. When it's time to rest, they can go relax by the light-up fireplace.Accessories GaloreThis Teapot Palace is also filled to the brim with all sorts of cool accessories. Mirrors, benches, bedrooms and a royal balcony -- your little girl will find everything she needs to make her ponies happy within the walls of the palace. The palace's piano even plays music on its own, which the ponies can enjoy while they unwind next to the fireplace! The teapot itself comes with two dessert plates, a table, and two tea cups with saucers, providing for a perfect teatime experience. Best of all, cleanup is a breeze: simply pack everything inside the teapot and close it shut for convenient storage. All of these neat features will capture your little girl's imagination like no other My Little Pony toy has before.About My Little PonyHasbro has been manufacturing My Little Pony toys since 1982. The toy franchise has since risen to immense popularity, and has delighted generations of little girls with its colorful, fanciful dolls. My Little Pony has also branched out into TV and film, and continues to be a much sought-after toy and collector item.What's in the BoxMy Little Pony Ponyville Teapot Palace, pony figure, table, 2 dessert plates, 2 tea cups with saucers, teapot and instructions. ; 