Title: Bakugan Launcher ; Description: The Bakugan Launcher is an optional accessory that adds excitement to the game Bakugan Battle Brawlers. Based on the popular and fun anime TV series of the same name, this strategic game that pits a variety of "Bakugan warriors" against each other for points. Kids ages four and above will love using the launcher to help them score points by shooting their Bakugan warriors onto magnetic cards, where the plastic spheres burst open to reveal the fearsome warrior apparatus inside. It's the same launcher used by "Dan," the hero of the TV show, so fans of the show will get a special thrill from using it!.caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } img.withlink {border:1px black solid;}The Bakugan Launcher sends your Bakugan flying with three shooting modes.View larger.There are many colors and varieties of Bakugan to collect.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Wide variety of Bakugan make them fun for kids to trade and collectThe Bad:No instructions with some toysIn a Nutshell:Clever and exciting interactive game that kids will enjoy even if they're not familiar with the TV showAt a GlanceAges:6 to 12NOTE: The Bakugan Launcher includes a single launcher with a wrist strap. Bakugan warriors are sold separately.Ready, Aim, Fire!There are no instructions with the optional Bakugan Launcher, which is made of sturdy, lightweight plastic. But it's a straightforward accessory: simply load the Bakugan and fire away! There are two additional Bakugan compartments on either side of the launcher. The wrist strap is a great accessory that your child can use to help steady the launcher as he fires.Exciting Magnetic ActionThe Bakugan Launcher has three shooting modes ("curve," "angle, and "distance"). It holds three Bakugan, and straps to your child's wrist -- just like Dan's! Though kids can roll the Bakugan just like marbles, the Launcher adds an element of excitement to their Bakugan battles.Room for the ImaginationThough we thought the launcher was a great accessory, but our attempts to fire it proved somewhat difficult. Instructions would have helped. If you and your child can figure it out how to fire it effectively -- especially how to use the three shooting modes -- the launcher is sure to increase their enjoyment of the game and add variety to their play.What's in the BoxOne Bakugan Launcher. ; 