Title: Laugh &amp; Learn: Musical Learning Chair ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Who thought learning could be this much fun? Babies and toddlers will love sitting down for story time and standing up for fun activities with the Laugh &amp; Learn Song &amp; Story Learning Chair. With three ways to help babies play and learn, the Learning Chair is recommended for boys and girls from one to three years old.The chair introduces babies to the alphabet, numbers, colors and shapes, and stories.View larger.The colorful plastic parts are both durable and rounded around the edges for safety.View larger.Learning TimeUp, down, and all around, baby will love all the learning of Fisher-Price&#xC3;&#xAD;s Laugh &amp; Learn Song &amp; Story Learning Chair. The chair introduces babies to the alphabet, numbers, colors and shapes -- not to mention stories. Flipping through the pages of the book, babies can hear the story from beginning to end, or learn about the different objects and characters on each page.Musical FunThe chair's friendly characters reinforces your baby's learning and imagination with musical ditties, silly sounds, and entertaining responses. For instance, you can tap the crayons for a "colorful" song and speech. With a volume control, the songs and stories can even play quietly as it gets close to nap-time -- and for your own sanity.Developmental BenefitsThe Learning Chair teaches through everyday experiences and develops life-long problem-solving skills as your baby learns to activate the chair's music, lights, sounds, and speech. It encourages an understanding of concepts as basic as "on" and "off." The chair also helps babies make the connection between words and objects, based on familiar things in the world.With parental assembly, the chair measures 17 inches long and 12 inches wide, with a height of 15 inches, when put together. The colorful plastic parts are both durable and rounded around the edges for safe child's play. This Laugh &amp; Learn toy requires three AA alkaline batteries. ; 