Title: Hasbro FurReal Friends Squawkers McCaw Parrot ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The Hasbro FurReal Friends Squawkers McCaw Parrot might be the sassiest toy ever made. Squawkers McCaw is a full-size toy macaw parrot who, just like a real parrot, repeats words, can be "taught" to speak, and responds to touch. Witty, energetic, and completely unpredictable, Squawkers takes interactive play to a whole new level. He is recommended for children ages 5 through 10.This full sized toy parrot that can repeat words, responds to touch, and more.Just Like a Real ParrotModeled after an actual macaw parrot, Squawkers McCaw has a velvety feather coat that makes him fit for cuddling. His vibrant blue, orange, yellow, and green markings are just like those of an actual macaw parrot. His feet are also fully articulated: He can stand on his perch or be propped up on a flat surface. And Squawkers doesn't just look just like a parrot -- he moves like one, too. Through highly innovative animatronics, Squawkers can move in incredibly convincing ways. He'll cock his head when confused or ruffle his wings when happy. He will even get down and dance to your favorite tunes, all while singing along. Squawkers loves mealtime, and comes with a cracker for when he needs to be fed.Sassy and TalkativeThe similarity to a parrot doesn't stop at physical appearance. Squawkers, with his advanced voice recognition system, can talk in a funny, squawky voice and repeat what your child says, just like an actual parrot. He has plenty to say and do the moment you bring him home -- for example, in response to "Hello" or "Are you hungry?", he'll respond with his own unique quips. However, he can be trained to do a whole lot more. Using the remote control, kids can program him to respond to their own custom questions. Kids can teach him to sing, tell jokes, and say whatever else they want him to say.Full of PersonalitySquawkers is a feisty parrot, and can actually switch moods depending on how your child interacts with him. He has a basic "repeat" mode, where he simply repeats any word spoken to him. He can also be humorous and playful, randomly responding to regular questions in nonsensical ways. Be careful, though: When Squawkers is irritated, he'll try to get attention by complaining and squawking loudly! Take good care of Squawkers McCaw, and you'll find that there is really no other parrot quite like him.What's in the BoxFurReal Friends Squawkers McCaw Parrot, toy cracker, remote control, perch, and instructions. ; 