Title: Air Hogs Havoc Heli - Colors May Vary ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; }#review { width: 100%; font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 12px; } .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }With the world's record for the smallest remote-controlled helicopter, the Air Hogs Havoc Heli goes where no other flying object can. Recommended for ages eight and up, this incredible little R/C heli from Spinmaster is easy and fun for kids of all ages -- even grown up ones.Realistic Helicopter FunThe Havoc Heli has twin rotors for stability and four-way control for flying in any direction with accuracy -- up, down, under, over, left, right, forward and backward. Like a real helicopter, the Havoc can hover in one spot. It even manuevers through the toughest of obstacles. Intended for indoor use, the helicopter operates outdoors with zero wind conditions, and can fly up to 100 feet high in the air. The Havoc Heli is also equipped with a flashing blue LED light for night flying.Friendly competitionNot just for flying solo, the Havoc Heli is designed for fun with your friends. With three selectable frequencies, up to three Air Hogs helicopters can fly in the same room at the same time. Beyond flying for fun, the hook attachment on the bottom of the helicopter picks up objects for top secret racing missions -- with or againsts friends.Tough, Tiny, And Ready To FlyMeasuring six inches long and weighing only ten grams, the Havoc fits in the palm of a hand. Extraordinarily lightweight, the helicopter is built for crash resistance with a flexible, high-impact EPP foam body. The internal battery offers twice the amount of flight time as other R/C helicopters. The remote control charges the rechargeable LIPO battery in 15 minutes, providing six minutes of flight time. The remote requires 6 "AA" batteries (not included). Available in yellow, blue, and red, the Havoc Heli comes completely assembled and ready to fly.What's in the BoxRemote-Controlled helicopter and remote control.Extraordinarily lightweight, the helicopter is built for crash resistance and manuverability, and fits in the palm of your hand.An internal battery offers twice the amount of flight time as other R/C helicopters, while the remote control charges the rechargeable LIPO battery in 15 minutes. ; 