Title: Fisher-Price Go Baby Go! Bounce &amp; Spin Zebra ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; }#review { width: 100%; font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 12px; } .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }Bounce, spin, and dance away with the Fisher Price Baby Gymtastics Bounce and Spin Zebra. Ideal for ages 12 to 36 months this lively zebra enhances motor skills as the child learns coordination, balance, and how to climb on and off. Sure to become every youngster's favorite toy, five uplifting songs play as the child bounces and turns 360 degrees. Fun sounds reward movement and strengthen auditory skills. The Bounce and Spin also has an activity handlebar with a rolling ball to encourage eye-hand coordination.Fun for the Little OneThe wide, sturdy base of the Bounce and Spin Zebra provides stability and support, even with hard bouncing and spinning. And to prevent falls, the Zebra locks until the child is sitting properly in the seat. It also has an off-soft-loud switch that little fingers can't turn. Orange, easy-grip handlebars allow the toddler to hold tight as they take their wild ride. For even more fun, a ball spins in the center with lights and music. This toy is relatively low to the ground, so that most children can climb on and off by themselves. Putting together the Zebra is easy, but be aware that the carton contains small parts for adult use only. This product requires 3 AAA batteries (not included).FeaturesBetter than a boring old horse, this lively Zebra really encourages physical development.  It comes as no surprise that the Bounce and Spin Zebra won the Hot Toy award from Toys 'R Us in 2006, and accolades from other companies. Parents get a lot of use out of this toy, as children can play with it until they are about three years old. The zany Zebra won't tilt under pressure and it has an irresistibly cute appearance that kids love. Five fun songs and activity handlebars keeps active kids bouncing, busy, and happy.This toy encourages baby's physical development through bouncing and spinning. ; 