Title: POOF-Slinky 9144FBBL Fiddlestix Classic Wood Connector Set, 144-Pieces ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 9144FB Fiddlestix Classic Wood Connector Set is a timeless toy that has inspired children&#x2019;s creativity and imagination for generations. Made of hard wood with a paint-free finish, this colorful connector set includes (144) pieces that consist of rods and connectors to build and create countless combinations of contraptions. The easy to handle hardwood pieces lend themselves to assembling imaginative structures that will entertain for hours. Fiddlestix is the original large wooden rod and connector set that promotes a child&#x2019;s imagination to build windmills, airplanes, Ferris Wheels, helicopters, cranes and other creative designs that can be replicated by your child from the basic builder manual (included). The POOF-Slinky 9144FB Fiddlestix 144-Piece Set also comes with a storage canister for easy storage that measures 16-inches high and 6-inches in diameter. Fiddlestix continues to be a classic construction toy that stimulates basic building techniques with endless possibilities that children will love. This set includes a storage canister, basic builder manual and a combination of (144) rods and connectors. Loved by children and trusted by parents for over 100-years, the Ideal brand provides a wide variety of games, activity kits, magic sets and classic toys that parents and grandparents remember from their own childhood years. The POOF-Slinky 9144FB Fiddlestix Classic Wood Connector Set is recommended for children 4-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. New generations of kids, their parents and grandparents have proven that classic toys never go out of style! ; 