Title: LeapFrog Clickstart My First Computer ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The LeapFrog ClickStart My First Computer introduces tots to the wonders of the PC and helps them learn basic computer skills. Ideal for ages three through six, this interactive toy plugs right into the television and teaches youngsters how to use a mouse and keyboard.A Child-Friendly DesignThe ClickStart features a child-friendly wireless keyboard, plug and play console, and a child-sized mouse with a right- or-left-handed adjustable mouse pad. It transforms the TV into a PC, which allows kids to work on a big screen and the whole family to join in on the fun. The miniature mouse is perfectly formed for little fingers to point and click. Large, colored buttons make it easy for kids to learn basic keystrokes, and four friendly games create a safe, age-appropriate environment to navigate. ClickStart is built to withstand rough toddler handling, a plus for parents who want to spare their high-end desktops from child's play. And the wireless keyboard is light and convenient to transport from place to place, so kids can bring the fun with them wherever they go.Transform your TV into a PC for your child, complete with wireless keyboard and mouse.View larger.Your child can click any of the icons on the desktop to play a game and learn.Encourages Age-Appropriate LearningIt is never too early to teach children the correct way to use a computer. The ClickStart ensures that a child's first computing experience is age appropriate and pleasant, with engaging games that not only enhance basic computer skills, but prepare children for pre-school and kindergarten. This educational tool has four games that teach phonics, letters, animal facts, and counting, while sharpening a child's screen navigation skills. Friendly puppy Scout guides kids through keyboard functions and allows them to work at their own pace. Techno tots can click on a faux in-box to receive their first e-mail; it even has sound for nonreaders. Should the youngster ever become stumped, a hint button gives them a clue. Additional ClickStart software packages, sold separately, feature well-known characters such as Thomas the Tank Engine, Dora the Explorer, and Nemo.What's in the BoxWireless keyboard, plug and play console, mouse and mouse pad, and 4 learning games are built into the system. (Batteries are not included) ; 