Title: POOF-Slinky 0C470 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Set with Instructional DVD ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0C470 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Set is the ultimate set for the aspiring magician. Filled with over (100) easy-to-learn tricks and high quality props, this set will teach children to perform the same tricks as professional magicians such as the disappearing card box, traveling handkerchief, multiplying rabbits, vanishing salt, cup and balls, magic paint can and many more. The tricks you&#x2019;ll learn in this set are a great introduction to this fun and exciting art form. This set includes a magic wand, props, the &#x201C;Secrets of 100 Magic Tricks&#x201D; book and the instructional magic trick DVD starring magician Ryan Oakes who performs and teaches some of the popular tricks included in this set. Did you know that children interested in learning and performing magic develop the same skills of children active in sports and other popular activities? Parents and teachers have noted that children who practice the performing art of magic have been able to improve their self-esteem, hand and eye coordination, reading comprehension, public speaking, communication, critical thinking and school grades. Children will wow their audiences and amaze even themselves as they learn all the great secrets of illusion from one of the most complete magic sets ever made. Ideal has been providing classic toys, magic sets, board games, tabletop games and other activities that parents trust and kids love since 1907. The POOF-Slinky 0C470 Ideal 100-Trick Spectacular Magic Show Set with Instructional DVD is recommended for children 8-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky, Inc. is the maker of POOF, Slinky, Ideal and Scientific Explorer Brands. Their product lines offer new exciting play with the highly successful Sno-Toys line, Fuzzoodles activity kits, as well as timeless classics, such as the original Slinky, Ideal table-top games, wood construction sets and over 400 other products. ; 