Title: LeapFrog Learn &amp; Groove Alphabet Drum ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Make your youngster's learning experience more upbeat with the LeapFrog Learn and Groove Alphabet Drum alphabet drum. Each tap of this drum introduces baby to the alphabet and improves vocabulary in both English and Spanish. Engaging music and interactive play sharpen motor skills as baby learns to tap, crawl, and dance. It features three delightful learning modes, including Alphabet, Dance Along, and Music Play. Babies quickly catch on to cause and effect, as each tap rewards them with lights, letters, and music. Music Play mode lets the child freely explore music, fostering open-ended play and creative movement. And this drum's lively, roll-along song teaches them to crawl after the drum. Ideal for children ages six months to three years, this stimulating toy entertains and educates for hours.The Beat Goes OnThe Alphabet Drum is built to withstand the throws and whacks from typical toddler handling. Parents will appreciate the volume control as it keeps the music at an enjoyable level. To prolong battery life, the drum shuts off if it hasn't been used for awhile. Plus, at approximately 8 inches tall, it helps babies learn to sit up on their own. Both the English and Spanish voices of the Alphabet Drum are audible and easy to understand. Bright colors, uplifting music, and a fun design make this a favorite in any child's toy box.Award-Winning FeaturesIt is no surprise that the LeapFrog Alphabet Drum was a winner of the 2006 iParenting Media Greatest Products Award. This drum teaches language, music, and motor skills as a strong foundation for the child's future. Children love to dance, roll it around, or chase after it, and as a versatile toy, it can be played with through multiple development stages.What's in the BoxLeapFrog drum and 3 AA batteries.This toy drum improves vocabulary in both English and Spanish, while delivering fun songs, lights and sound effects. ; 