Title: Cranium Wow Game ; Description: The classic game of Cranium just got an upgrade. Cranium Wow is the latest addition to the fast-paced, addictive, and downright fun family of games that manages to uncover a player&#x92;s talents--or lack thereof. Similar to its older sibling, Wow&#x92;s objective is to move around the board until you&#x92;ve reached Cranium Central, where your team completes its final activities to claim victory.A box chock full of at least 2,172 laughs.Of course, advancing to the center of the board is where all the fun is had. Teams must work together to answer, sketch, sculpt, solve, act, hum, and more. Four card decks with 600 cards and 15 activities dictate what must be done in order to move forward--and make everyone laugh out loud. One of the great things about Cranium games is how much fun they make it to discover new talents among friends and family. With something for the artist, brainiac, actor, and wordsmith, it&#x92;s guaranteed to be a good time.Maybe you&#x92;ve always wanted to use your best friend as a puppet to act out "milking a cow." Or perhaps you want to prove you can draw "bed head" with your eyes closed. You might be eager to show off your vast knowledge of "The Hoff," YouTube, and which came first, the toaster or sliced bread. If any of these are true, you should play Cranium Wow very soon. Why keep those hidden talents hidden when they&#x92;re so impressive?Additional vinyl movers are sold separately.Cranium Wow has introduced another fanciful twist on this game. While the box includes four colorful vinyl movers, there are a total of 12 out there to be collected. Each one is sold separately, has its own profile, and comes with a hat or hairdo that can be switched among any of the other movers. This means that the people you play with most frequently can have personalized movers to match their own personalities. Wow!What's In the BoxGame board600 new cards10-sided dieTub of purple clayTimerDrawing padsPre-sharpened pencils4 customizable movers with interchangeable hats and hairdos ; 