Title: Hasbro Littlest Pet Shop Round &amp; Round Pet Town ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The Littlest Pets are back and are hanging out in the Littlest Pet Shop Round & Round Pet Town. Kids four to five years old can join in and help them create their perfect wonderland.What Goes On in Pet TownPet Town is the kind of getaway where animals of all species hang out, ride the gondola all day, get their hair done in the salon, ride the scooter, and get fascinated by elevators. The included monkey and dog are magnetized to stay securely on their rides, and there's plenty of room for enhancing Pet Town with additional pets and Pet Nooks later.This 'Pet Town' features a salon, scooter, gondola, and elevators.View larger.View Side-BackThe playset includes two exclusive pets, a monkey and dog, both featuring bobbing heads.View larger.A Great Gondola RidePet Town is divided down the center by a pole, at the top of which is a wind-up key that powers the "gondola," a ride consisting of pets sitting in baskets that move around a circle. Although the ride could last a bit longer--even when fully wound, it stops after about 20 seconds--the gondola is the toy's best feature, with the baskets making sharp, swinging turns and the pets' heads bobbing in response to the motion. At the base of the pole, the scooter is secured in place by snapping a tab behind the front wheels into a corresponding slot which is then moved by turning a thumb wheel.Securing the scooter via the tab-in-slot method is a good idea and certainly ensures that it stays on the track, yet younger children may have trouble getting it attached properly. The thumb wheel is difficult to turn; it drags rather than spins. The "elevator" is an open-ended tube that operates by placing the pet inside on a center pod and manually moving it up and down. The right side of Pet Town consists of the "cafe," the "playroom," and the "salon," identified as such by stickers. Overall, the construction of the various moving parts is sturdy. The two included animals, a monkey and a dog, are made of soft plastic with heads that bob when in motion, and they are posable when still.Cute Animals, Bright ColorsThe bright colors and the numerous moving parts make Pet Town a toy that should hold the interest of young children. Additionally, the embossed flowers and cobblestones, trellises, and other assorted designs in the plastic add a nice tactile dimension for young fingers. The animals themselves are wonderful, with endearingly sweet faces. To earn its space, the elevator could do even more: Equipping it with a wind-up feature like the gondola has would make it more appealing. The right side of Pet Town, perhaps because only two animals are included, seems sparsely populated. Additional pets and accessories are sold separately, but they're really necessary if the salon, cafe, playroom, scooter, elevator, and three seats on the gondola--not to mention the various ledges and nooks--are to be used.What's in the BoxPet Town, two pets, scooter, and small accessories ; 