Title: Fisher-Price Smart Cycle ; Description: Just because it's raining, snowing or otherwise blustery outside, that doesn't mean that your child can't get the exercise she needs. The Fisher Price Smart Cycle combines the fun indoor activity of video game playing with the physical activity the great outdoors will give you. Designed for kids ages three to six, the Smart Cycle "physical learning arcade system" is an all-in-one stationary bike, video game console, and educational tool. Your little one will exercise her brain and her body -- and have loads of fun in the process.The Smart Cycle combines the fun indoor activity of video game playing with the physical activity of the great outdoors.View larger.View product demo(requires Flash).By using the bike's joy stick and buttons, your child can navigate through many other games and adventures.View larger.Pedal and steer your way through different environments.View larger.The Smart Cycle games provide different levels for growing kids.View larger.Turn on your TV and Start your Engines!The Smart Cycle plugs directly into your VCR or TV and requires no need for a separate game system. Simply connect the Smart Cycle to your television's input jacks, insert the included game cartridge "key," and your child can start riding -- and learning -- right away! Your child pedals the bike to keep the game going and "steers" with the movable handlebars. A large, easy-to-use and conveniently placed joy stick and bright buttons control the games and educational tools.The Smart Cycle comes with a "learning adventure," in which your child drives a car by pedaling the bike and turning the handlebars. She can splash through mud puddles and take treacherous corners as she tries to catch letters of the alphabet along the road. She'll learn to keep pedaling to keep moving, while at the same time learning her alphabet!Versatility Adds to the FunThe Smart Cycle includes a game cartridge that features several fun and educational adventures that will keep your child happily entertained. A trip to "Math Mountain" will help her practice her numbers, while an adventure-filled trek to "Shape Lake" will introduce her to a wide array of different shapes. The Smart Cycle also includes an exciting car racing game that two children can play at the same time, while a "creative journal" lets your child create pictures and snapshots of her "worldwide" travels.The fun doesn't have to stop when your child gets her fill of exercise: she can stop and rest, and continue the fun and learning by using the bike's joy stick and buttons to navigate through many other games and adventures. And best of all, several optional game cartridges that can be used with the Smart Cycle (sold separately) will keep your child continually entertained, including games that feature favorite characters such as Dora the Explorer, SpongeBob SquarePants, Barbie, and Hot Wheels cars.With its wide array of games and height-adjustable seat, the Smart Cycle is designed to grow with your child. So as your child grows both physically and intellectually, the Smart Cycle will grow with her.The Ultimate Test DriveWe found the Smart Cycle easy to assemble and very simple to install with our television set. All we needed for assembly was a Phillips screwdriver and four "D" batteries (not included). As long as your television or VCR is equipped with the red, white, and yellow RCA jacks to connect the Smart Cycle, you're set to go. We simply connected the included plugs to the television's jacks, turned the television on, and we were ready for hours of fun. Once the game started, the cycle seemed easy enough to operate, making it not too much of a challenge to result in frustrating a child, but not so easy that it would soon become boring. With the additional optional game cartridges, we believe the Smart Cycle promises to be a long-lasting source of entertainment.The Smart Cycle comes with an easy-to-follow instruction manual, and the set-up only took a few minutes. However, one minor set-back we experience was that we needed the paper instruction manual on hand to understand how to play the video game; we found some elements of the games to be nearly impossible to understand without the instructions. An intuitive set of online instructions designed for children to follow, without the need to consult a paper manual, would make for a near-ideal gaming experience for any child (and parent). Also, although the seat offers four height levels, the handlebars are not height adjustable, which may present a problem for some smaller children.Pros:Provides a source of indoor exercise for young childrenDesigned to grow with your child's physical and intellectual developmentHelps develop your child's motor skillsEasy to install and useIncludes several fun and entertaining educational gamesCons:The instructions to some of the games are difficult to understandThe cycle's handlebars are not height adjustable ; 