Title: Fisher-Price T.M.X. Tickle Me Ernie ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Tickle your funny bone with this hilarious Ernie doll. Recommended for ages 18 months and older, he topples to the floor in giggles, spins around, and then stands back up.Tickle Ernie's belly and he falls to the floor in laughter.View larger.View side view.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Full of fun phrases and hilarious actionsThe Bad:Doesn't work so well on carpetIn a Nutshell:Cute, huggable toy, great for young childrenAt a GlanceAges:1-1/2 years and upRequires:6 AA batteries (included)Meet T.M.X. ErniePart of the new Tickle Me Extreme friends, Tickle Me Ernie is every bit as charming and fun as his popular friend, T.M.X. Elmo. When you touch his belly, this plush 11-inch doll falls backwards and giggles as he spins in a full circle. He even gets back up on his own! Dressed in his signature striped sweater and red shoes, this Ernie doll is soft, huggable, and a great toy for young children. He comes packaged in a cute cardboard carrying case with a handle at the top and a cutout to poke his ticklish tummy. Ernie performs best on a hard, flat surface and requires six AA batteries (included) to bring him to life.Laughter Is ContagiousEach T.M.X. friend has its own unique actions. The T.M.X. Ernie features silly, leg-kicking gyrations followed by humorous phrases. This motorized doll is so soft, kids can pick it up, snuggle with it, then put it down and watch it wiggle. It only takes two tickles to send Ernie into hysterical laughter and kids soon find themselves giggling along. This doll has an incredible likeness to the actual Sesame Street character. Parents can add to the fun with T.M.X. Elmo or T.M.X. Cookie Monster, sold separately.Tickle TestDuring the tickle test, it became easy to see why the T.M.X. friends are in such demand. When kids tickle Ernie's belly, he falls backwards, then lies down and spins in a circle. True to character, he is full of fun phrases including, "I think I need a rubber ducky." Once the laughing spell is over, he even thanks the tickler, saying, "I really needed that." The doll moves best on a hard, flat surface and struggles a little when placed on carpet. But that was the only minor setback discovered during the hands-on testing process. Overall, T.M.X. Ernie makes a great toy for its target age range. Even adults will crack a smile as Ernie shakes and spins with laughter.What's in the BoxPlush Ernie doll, 6 AA batteries ; 