Title: Mega Bloks Cat 3 - In - 1 Ride - On Dump Truck ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }With realistic truck sounds and building blocks, the 3-in-1 Ride On Dump Truck makes working fun. Toddlers will have a blast scooping up toy bricks and small toys, dumping them out of the dump bed, and driving a vehicle for the very first time. Recommended for children from one to three years old, this dump truck helps young ones transition from crawling, to walking, to riding!Toddlers can ride the Ride-On Dump Truck when the truck bed is lifted up.View larger.View in riding mode.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Fun building, dumping, and sound effectsThe Bad:Truck doesn't dump on its ownIn a Nutshell:Designed to work with crawling, walking, standing, or ridingAt a GlanceAges:1 to 3 years oldRequires:3 AA batteriesRide, Dump, and Build with BlocksPerfectly built for little bodies, the 3-in-1 Ride-On Dump Truck is the right height for kids who still spend much of their time crawling and playing on the floor. Toddlers can easily roll the dump truck around with them as they walk or stand, supported by the ergonomic handle on the dump bed. With the truck bed up, kids can ride the truck facing forward with their hands low on the steering wheel, or with their hands higher on the dump handle. Although the truck doesn't unload on its own, the light truck bed lifts up and slides back easily. Made from tough, durable plastic with safe, rounded edges, this Caterpillar brand dump truck holds up to long days of play. Like the real thing, this truck stands out with a bright yellow and black design. The 10 included Maxi Mega Blocks attach to each other for fun building and connect to spots in the dump bed, to the left and right of the truck, and on the steering wheel. The same color as the steering wheel and its buttons, these blocks are red, black, and gray.Realistic Dump Truck SoundsAs exciting as the building and dumping action are the fun sound effects the truck makes. Turning on this dump truck, kids are immediately transported to the sounds of a construction site. By pushing one of three buttons on the steering wheel, the driver hears the truck's engine starting up and blowing exhaust, the truck's horn honking, or the truck dumping. The truck creates engine sounds when pushed forward; rolled backward, it beeps to make sure no one's in the truck's blind spots. Whether or not construction sounds are a part of your daily life, the toy's realistic noises can grow a little tiresome. Thankfully, the toy doesn't have to be turned on to be played with and comes completely assembled. While this dump truck is too heavy for children to pick up, its design is compact enough for parents to move it with one hand from one room to the next, or quickly pack it in the back seat of the car. What's more, the 3-in-1 Ride-On Dump Truck is compatible with standard Maxi Bloks, allowing young ones to make even bigger and better creations. ; 