Title: Melissa &amp; Doug Birthday Party Cake ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }You are invited to Melissa and Doug's birthday party! Let the fun begin with this playful birthday cake. It has enough slices and toppings for every party guest the whole family can join in the fun. Now kids ages three to five can throw birthday parties year round.A Wish Come TrueThis simple wooden toy fosters creative play and is a wonderful addition to imaginary kitchens everywhere. Use the wooden spatula to serve the cake and the fake candles to make a wish. This toy will make an excellent birthday gift for future bakers.The cake itself is painted white with blue icing swirls and has seven removable candles that fasten to the top. Three delectable toppings -- strawberries, jellybeans, and gumdrops -- can be added to the top and the cake comes in a decorative box kids love. This delicious dessert is already cut into slices that fasten together with Velcro and easily pull apart. It also has a bright red serving platter and each of the six pieces is about the size of a real piece of cake. Also, as a well-made and durable wooden toy, it withstands child play and the paint won't easily chip off, even if it is accidentally dropped. Storing all the pieces may be a challenge, but a party box is included to contain the candles and decorations.FeaturesThis birthday cake is a hit for those who like to help out in the kitchen. Children love redecorating and serving it using the wooden spatula. Unlike many of today's modern toys, it encourages creativity, as children get to design their own cake and parties. It amuses future hosts and hostesses for hours and is an exceptional value as a 35-piece set. This cake remains child's favorite for years and includes enough candles to celebrate a lot of birthdays. The cake has a 10-1/2-inch diameter.What's in the BoxIncludes 6-slice cake, serving plate, 19 toppings, 7 candles, wooden spatula and storage box.Three delectable toppings can be added, and the cake comes in a decorative box ; 