Title: Fisher-Price T.M.X. Tickle Me Extreme Cookie Monster ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Tickle your funny bone with this hilarious Cookie Monster toy. Recommended for ages 18 months and older, he falls backwards, then rolls to the right and left while laughing hysterically.Tickle Cookie Monster's belly and he falls to the floor in laughter.View larger.View side view.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Full of fun phrases and hilarious actionsThe Bad:Doesn't work so well on carpetIn a Nutshell:Cute, huggable toy, great for young childrenAt a GlanceAges:1-1/2 years and upRequires:6 AA batteries (included)Meet T.M.X. Cookie MonsterPart of the new Tickle Me Extreme friends, Tickle Me Cookie Monster is every bit as charming and fun as his popular friend, T.M.X. Elmo. When you touch his belly, this plush 11-inch doll falls backwards and giggles as he rocks back and forth. He even gets back up on his own! With googly eyes and soft blue fur, this Cookie Monster doll is cute, huggable, and a great toy for young children. He comes packaged in a cardboard carrying case with a handle at the top and a cutout to poke his ticklish tummy. Cookie Monster performs best on a hard, flat surface and requires six AA batteries (included) to bring him to life.Laughter Is ContagiousEach T.M.X. friend has its own unique actions. The T.M.X. Cookie Monster features silly gyrations followed by humorous phrases. This motorized doll is so soft, kids can pick it up, snuggle with it, then put it down and watch it wiggle. It only takes two tickles to send Cookie Monster into hysterical laughter and kids soon find themselves giggling along. This doll has an incredible likeness to the actual Sesame Street character. Parents can add to the fun with T.M.X. Elmo or T.M.X. Ernie, sold separately.Tickle TestDuring the tickle test, it became easy to see why the T.M.X. friends are in such demand. When you tickle Cookie Monster's belly, he doubles over in hysterics. The second time he is tickled, he falls over backwards, rolls from left to right, then gets back up again, saying, "That was good." The doll moves best on a hard, flat surface and struggles a little when placed on carpet. But that was the only setback discovered during the hands-on testing process. A discreet on-off switch on his foot allows you to turn the doll off, if you're in need of some quiet time. Overall, T.M.X. Cookie Monster makes a great toy for its target age range. Even adults will crack a smile as this jolly character shakes and rolls with laughter.What's in the BoxPlush Cookie Monster doll, 6 AA batteries ; 