Title: Fisher Price Kid Tough Digital Camera - Pink ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Let your children show you the world through their eyes with the Fisher Price Kid Tough Digital Camera. This innovative toy is a real digital camera designed to be sturdy enough and simple enough for kids as young as three years of age to use. This digital camera is the recipient of numerous awards, including the Children's Technology Review's 2006 Editor's Choice, and the Parents Magazine 2006 Best Toys of the Year.Simply plug the camera into your computer and download the pictures.View larger.Fisher Price's kid-tough construction makes this digital camera sturdy.View larger.Designed for Little HandsThe Fisher Price Kid Tough Digital Camera provides a great outlet for your children's creativity and offers them a fun, simple introduction to both photography and digital technology. Featuring the trademark Fisher Price "kid-tough" construction, this fully functional digital camera is sturdy enough and safe enough for small children. It's also designed to make picture-taking as easy as possible for little ones, with big, easy-to-use control buttons and a two-eye view finder. Dual handgrips make a steady shot easier for little hands to manage. The camera also has a 1.6-inch color LCD display, just like a grown-up's camera, where pictures can be viewed instantly. Your children can take pictures at the park or zoo, or, thanks to the automatic flash, their next party.Works with your Home ComputerThe camera has 8 megabytes of memory, which can store up to 60 pictures. You can purchase larger memory cards to increase the memory. Once your child fills up the memory card, simply plug the camera into your computer and download the pictures for printing or for using in photo art programs. The camera includes 1.3 interpolated megapixels or 640-by-480 resolution for 4-by-6-inch prints. It is compatible with Macintosh and with Windows 2000 or later. The camera requires four AA batteries; it comes with one lithium CR2032 battery.What's in the BoxPink camera, USB cord, lithium CR2032 battery, and wrist strap. ; 