Title: K'NEX Education - Intro To Simple Machines: Levers and Pulleys ; Description: Hands-on learning at it best! The K'NEX Education Intro to Simple Machines: Levers & Pulleys set is designed to introduce students to the scientific concepts associated with two types of Simple Machines &#x2013; levers and pulleys. Students are provided with the opportunity to acquire skills using a hands-on, inquiry-based approach to information and concepts. Working cooperatively, students are encouraged to interact with each other as they build, investigate, discuss, and evaluate scientific principles in action. The Teacher's Guide provides the information and resources needed to build students' understanding of scientific concepts and channel their inquiries into active and meaningful learning experiences. Extension activities that can be used to explore the concepts more deeply are also included.  Set includes 178 K'NEX parts &#x2013; enough to build 8 fully-functioning replicas of real-world machines, one at a time. Supports 2 &#x2013; 3 students working as a team. Grades 3 -5. Building instructions comprehensive teacher's guide aligned to Science, Technology, Engineering and Math Standards included. Packaged in a strong storage tray with snap-on lid.  STEM Education focuses on science, technology, engineering and mathematics concepts taught through problem-solving, discovery, exploratory learning and critical thinking. STEM Education requires students to be active participants in the learning. K'NEX models offer hands-on learning opportunities that encourage scientific inquiry, investigation and experimentation. Our inquiry-based lessons challenge students as they build, investigate, problem solve, discuss, and evaluate scientific and design principles in action. Aligned to Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math standards. Also see K'NEX Education's Intro to Simple Machines: Wheels & Axles and Inclined Planes and Intro to Simple Machines: Gears for grades 3-5 and Exploring Machines for middle school classrooms. ; 