Title: Flippin' Frogs Game ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Do you have what it takes to survive the frog flippin' frenzy? In the Flippin' Frogs Game it's a flight for survival to launch and land as many of your frogs into the spinning tree as possible. But they better cling tight because there are crocodiles and piranhas circling the waters below, and when time runs out, the tree branches pop up.Up to four players can duke it out in Flippin' Frogs.View larger.Use the catapult to send a frog skyward.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Fun, fast-paced, flippin' frogs actionThe Bad:May require parental assemblyIn a Nutshell:Interactive game for the whole familyAt a GlanceAges:5 and olderRequires:3 AA batteries (not included)Recommended for children ages 5 and up, this fun game for the whole family is designed for up to four players.Simple Rules, Fun Plastic ShapesThe object of the game is simple: Be the player with the most frogs in the tree at the end of a round. Win three rounds, and you win the game. However, it's not as easy as it looks. The flexible, rubbery plastic frogs are shaped to hang easily from the tree branches, but when the branches pop up, these little amphibian friends tend to go flying.The brown tree trunk and blue game base are made with a sturdy, durable plastic. The green branches are made lighter for extra spring when the frogs land -- and when time is up. The lily pad-shaped catapults work really well -- so well, in fact, they'll fly too if you don't hold them down with a finger.Sound Effects Complete The MoodAs we tested the Flippin' Frogs Game, the sounds of chirping frogs and babbling water happily transported us back to a boggy marsh. The game takes a little bit of assembly, and while it's easy to tell what goes where, it's tough to attach the tree trunk into the game base. An adult might have to help snap the two pieces together.If everything's set up right, the tree will start turning when the game is "on." Once set up, the game is a blast to play -- even alone, since practice makes perfect. When the time is almost up, a bell rings, alerting you to hurry up and get one last shot in. A piece of advice: Aim for tree top; it's the safest place. With electronic sounds and motion, this game requires three AA batteries (not included).What's in the BoxGame includes 24 frogs, 4 launchers, 1 base, 1 tree trunk, 4 branches, 1 tree top, and 1 instructional sheet. ; 