Title: Crayola Color Explosion Glow Board ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }With the Crayola Color Explosion Glow Board, kids can take their creations to a whole new level of fun. The glow board comes with six vibrant neon markers, which can be used to draw on either of the board's two drawing surfaces. Once their drawing is complete, kids can illuminate the colored inks with the touch of a button, as the board's lights give the ink an intense glow.Children can illuminate the colored inks with the touch of a button.View larger.Kids are able to create a multitude of different drawings.An Electronic EaselThe Crayola Color Explosion Glow Board offers a unique way for kids to display their art, as it lights up drawings much like a neon sign. It incorporates several violet lights under the drawing surface. When lit, these lights cause the ink to take on a vivid, striking glow. The board's surface is reusable -- ink erases in an instant -- making it good for hours of fun at a time. Children can easily display their artwork by using the easel back to prop the board in place. And the board's two separate drawing layers give kids even more room to doodle. Using the glow board's controls, kids can choose to display one layer, or flash between both for an exciting billboard-like effect.Drawing with the Glow BoardThe glow board's markers come in six dazzling neon colors -- red, blue, yellow, green, orange, and pink. With these colors at their command, kids will be able to create a multitude of different drawings. Perhaps they will envision a galaxy with stars and planets, or render an undersea adventure. The markers have medium tips, which can draw thickly but also offer the ability to draw finer images. A tracing sheet comes with the board to help kids get ideas for their artwork. This toy is recommended for children ages six and up, and requires three AAA batteries (not included.)About CrayolaCrayola first began developing its world-famous crayons in 1903, with eight original colors. The company is now the world's most popular manufacturer of children's art supplies and it produces more than 120 different crayon colors. Crayola recently celebrated its 100th anniversary and continues to innovate in the field of children's art.What's in the BoxCrayola Color Explosion Glow Board with two coloring surfaces, 6 glow board markers, and tracing sheet. ; 