Title: Fisher-Price Loving Family Twin Time Dollhouse ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }It's double the fun with twins in the family! The Fisher Price Loving Family Twin Time Dollhouse features a family with baby twins and their beautiful home. Appropriate for children ages three years and up, the dollhouse will inspire your child's imagination.Lots of Room for Imagination!Open up the dollhouse to double its size and reveal eight large rooms over four floors.  Your child will delight in the house's charming details, such as real fabric window shades, cheery, brightly colored decor, flower boxes, and airy French doors.  The house also comes with a mother doll, a father doll, two baby twin dolls, and even a pet cat doll, complete with its own little bed. This particular model comes with a Caucasian family, and Fisher Price also offers a version with an African American family.Dollhouse comes complete with real fabric window shades,  flower boxes, and French doors.Dolls included are a mother, a father, baby twins, and pet cat.Designed with Kids in MindThis Fisher Price dollhouse makes a great toy for smaller children. Unlike the more fragile collectible dollhouses, the Fisher Price house is designed with safety in mind and is built to stand up to the enthusiastic play of little ones. Your child will have hours of imaginative and creative fun playing house with the Loving Family and their spacious home. And when playtime is over, the house folds up with the accessories inside for space-saving storage. Some furniture and other accessories are included in this set -- but part of the fun of having a dollhouse is adding on and decorating, so additional furniture and accessories are also available to collect. The dollhouse, which measures approximately 25 by 8 by 15.75 inches, requires some easy, snap-together assembly.What's in the BoxDollhouse, dollhouse parts including 3 windows, a window valance, and 2 fabric awnings, door frame, 5 figures including mother, father, twin babies, and cat; kitchen island, 2 cradles, 2 baby blankets, sofa, easy chair, chair, cat bed, snack tray, train toy, rocking horse, and 2 flower boxes with flowers. ; 