Title: Pleo Dinosaur - A UGOBE Life Form ; Description: With the Senario 22208 Pleo A Ugobe Life Form, you can expand your family with a pet from prehistoric times. The Pleo is a one-week-old dinosaur that will quickly grow to become one of the most fun and exciting members of your family. This amazing robotic marvel not only moves organically, explores its environment on its own, and interacts with you, but it also expresses emotions based on its life experiences.This prehistoric pet interacts and behaves like a one-week-old dinosaur.View larger.Infared transmitters allow Pleos to identify, and communicate with one another.View larger.Developing A Unique PersonalityThe Senario Pleo begins life as a newly-hatched baby Camarasaurus, and from the moment he starts moving his individuality begins. Pleo doesn't simply do what he is told; he also develops his own unique personality, moods, and habits that are shaped by the time and experiences he shares with you. The Pleo can go from happy and curious to scared and surprised, and from playful and lively to sad and vexed, depending on a wealth of influences. From hatchling through infant, and all the way through his juvenile stages, Pleo will grow up and change in personality and understanding.The Pleo displays an endless combination of gestures and vocalizations based on influences that are interpreted by Ugobe's Life OS platform of tools, technologies and AI (artificial intelligence). Users can find training tips and download enhancements to Pleo from www.pleoworld.com, but his programming merely sets his wheels in motion, leaving the true magic of his development up to you.As Sensitive as a BabyPleo's sophisticated sensory system consists of nearly 40 devices that enable him to see, sense, touch and detect objects in order to move autonomously and explore his environment without requiring any remote control. This robotic dinosaur includes a color camera with a white-light sensor that allows him to detect bright light from dark, see colors, detect motion, track a moving object, and perceive objects in front of him. This unit also includes binaural microphones on the left and right that give him stereophonic hearing, allowing him to detect sound direction and loudness through both ears. An infrared receiver and transmitter allows Pleo to identify, communicate and interact with one another, while another infrared interruptor allows Pleo to detect when something is being placed in his mouth. Meanwhile eight touch sensors on his chin, shoulder, legs, back and head are triggered by touch and allow him to "feel." What's more, this dinosaur has a skin that is constructed of a custom-formulated, soft thermoplastic material that's painted with an incredibly realistic and lifelike coloration.The Pleo Life Form also has over 100 custom-designed gears, and 14 motors for highly-articulated movement. Each motor has a force feedback sensor that makes them sensitive to forceful grabs at the dinosaur's legs, neck, tail and torso, causing him to shut down during trauma to avoid internal damage. Pleo will actually react to being hurt, perhaps exhibiting a limp, and can recover over time depending on the level of nurturing you exhibit. Ground sensors allow Pleo to know when a foot is on a solid surface or when he has been picked up, while tilt and shake sensors allow him to know if he has fallen or is being held upside down. The sensors will also wake him up after he has fallen "asleep." Both front and rear speakers even enable Pleo to communicate via cute honks and hoots, as well as other fun and natural sounds.Pleo's mechanical, electronic, sensory, and AI systems help bring the robotic device to life.View larger.Senario's Ugobe Pleo is powered by an internal, rechargeable NiMH battery that takes about four hours to charge and provides approximately an hour of active life. This power supply features a battery level indicator that causes Pleo to feel very tired and slow down, so you know precisely when he needs to be recharged. Pleo has two 32-bit microprocessors for central and image processing, and four 8-bit sub-processors for motor control. This robotic life form also has multiple built-in data ports, including a mini USB port for online downloads, an SD card slot for Pleo add-ons, and the infrared transceiver that allows Pleo-to-Pleo communications.This Ugobe Pleo comes in a green color, weighs 3.5 pounds, and stands about 7.5 inches high and 21 inches long when on all fours. Pleo is rated E for Everyone and is designed for older children, teens and adults. (As Pleo is a highly sophisticated product which evolves into an inquisitive animal that requires attention and care, it is not considered suitable or intended for children under eight years of age.) The Senario Pleo is backed by a manufacturer's limited 90-day warranty, but user's should note that it is intended for use only in dry, indoor locations.What's in the BoxPleo A Ugobe Life Form in green, a companion's guide, a training leaf, a Pleo identity card, an NiMH replaceable rechargeable battery, and an AC charger ; 