Title: Melissa &amp; Doug 60-Piece Standard Unit Blocks ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Children can let their imaginations run wild as they build towers and towns with this 60-piece standard unit block set. The 60 large, classroom-sized blocks have a classic look and are easy for little fingers to grasp. Ideal for ages three to five, this block set stimulates children for hours as they engage in imaginative play.Naturally Finished for a Classic LookWooden blocks have been around for centuries and make an excellent tool to teach basic math concepts, organizational skills, sequential skills, and spatial relations. It is no surprise that blocks are found in almost every pre-school and kindergarten classroom. Youngsters become the architect of their own world as they fit pieces together to form their vision. This open-ended play set stimulates creativity and hones basic motor skills.Each set features a large variety shapes and sizes including arches, columns, squares, rectangles, triangles, cylinders, and circles, as well as basic, half, and double unit blocks. This block set is crafted to the standard unit block size (1-1/2-by-2-by-5-inches) and constructed from Rubberwood, a resilient hardwood. The blocks are big, chunky, and easy for kids to grasp and build with. Smoothly sanded surfaces tantalize fingertips and create a handsome natural aesthetic. Best of all, when the child finishes constructing their masterpiece, all the pieces store neatly into a wooden storage box.There is no limit to the types of fortresses the child can build with these blocks. This deluxe set even contains pillars, buttresses, gothic circles, and half-circles for advanced architecture. As an added bonus, the storage box doubles as a building platform. Children and parents have fun as they complete projects together. Parents can purchase another set and add to the amusement. An essential for any child's toy box, these blocks are sturdy, durable, and beautiful enough to put on display. The box measures 15 x 12.2 x 5.4 inches.What's in the Box60 solid wood pieces and wooden storage box.The open-ended play set stimulates creativity and hones basic motor skills.The 60 large, classroom-sized blocks come contains gothic circles, half-circles, buttresses, and pillars. ; 