Title: Rose Art Smart! Easel ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }The RoseArt Smart Easel provides a sturdy work surface, handy access to markers and materials, a dry erase board and a roll of paper that attaches to the easel to keep your young artist's creativity freely flowing. Intended for ages four and up, this kid-sized easel also features a lightweight, portable design so that it can easily be taken outdoors or on the road. This means that your little van Gogh can be out in the field painting sunflowers in no time, and that the whole easel can be compactly stowed away when not in use.The Smart Easel is lightweight, portable, and features  pockets, and pen holders.View larger.A large fabric under-tray serves as a catch-all for finished artwork.View larger.Art Anytime, AnywhereAfter fairly simple assembly, which requires an adult but not any tools, the included 50-foot roll of butcher paper slips onto a bar at the top for an ongoing paper supply. Three plastic clips are included to hold the paper securely in place at the bottom. The Smart Easel also comes with eight washable markers (in classic rainbow colors plus versatile brown and black), so your young artist can get started right away. Two flaps swing out from the easel's sides, featuring mesh pockets and elastic pen holsters that are designed to hold a variety of coloring materials. The plastic paint tray at the bottom is the perfect size for small paint jars, wet brushes, glue or glitter. A large fabric under-tray at the base serves as a catch-all for finished artwork, at least until the refrigerator debut or hallway retrospective can be scheduled.When art time is over, or a new location for drawing is desired, the easel can be quickly washed down and folded up. The fabric side flaps, under-tray, and carrying bag are all made of washable materials, and the paint tray can be removed for cleaning or spills.  Stray marks from the washable pens can be removed from most surfaces with warm water and mild soap. The easel's durable metal frame with plastic connecting pieces is 50 inches tall and has a sturdy 4-leg design. Weighing in at about 13 pounds, the easel is substantial enough to remain stable while in use, but light enough to be carried by an adult or older child. The set also includes a large bag with a handle and shoulder strap for easy transportation.Set-up and Organization FeaturesA slight downside to the easel is its assembly process. Although the easel includes easy-to-read directions, and though the pieces themselves were easy to snap together without any tools, the set-up was a bit confusing and took about 30 minutes. Once assembled, the easel has an inviting appeal. The design of the side flaps definitely encourages tidiness. Plus, having all the supplies neatly on hand, and all the colors in full view, helps keep the creative momentum going. The thrill of having all that paper at your fingertips is also a great incentive to make more art.Another small downside is that the paint tray is a bit too narrow to hold a mason jar for cleaning brushes or to comfortably balance an open watercolor box. And while the tray's separate cup-shaped space is handy for preventing spills, it is also quite small -- about the size of one paint jar or a Dixie cup. And inconveniently, the easel doesn't come with any dry erase markers or erasers, which makes its whiteboard seem like an accident waiting to happen. However, even if the dry erase board gets permanently marked, it will still serve its main purpose as a sturdy work surface for the paper.Overall, the RoseArt Smart Easel inspires creativity in young artists-to-be, with an easy-to-clean, portable design that will keep parents pleased.What's in the BoxEasel with dry erase board, side flaps, under-tray, paint tray, carrying bag, 50-foot paper roll, and 8 washable markers. ; 