Title: VTech Kidizoom Plus Digital Camera - Pink ; Description: Kids today live in a world of instant gratification: DVDs that skip to a favorite scene; CDs that play and repeat a favorite song; digital cameras that show a picture seconds after taking it. And while the VTech Kidizoom may not teach the valuable lesson of patience, it is a cool camera meant specifically for small children so they can experience the immediate joy of taking pictures, making movies, and playing games.Ideal for ages 3 to 6 years, this toy lets your child explore and cultivate their creative streak. The digital camera has fat bumper handles perfect for small hands, big buttons for manageability, a dual viewfinder and a 1.8-inch color LCD screen for easy subject alignment, and two interchangeable face plates so kids can make it their own. It&rsquo;s also made ultra-tough to handle the guaranteed mishaps that come with the territory. But enough about its attractive looks and kid-friendly features.A dual viewfinder, large LCD screen, and chunky buttons make this ideal for young ones.The Kidizoom is able to capture up to 120 still photos or up to 5 minutes of video thanks to its 16MB internal memory. If that&rsquo;s not enough space for your little shutterbug, the camera also provides an SD card slot. Once pictures are snapped (or motion is filmed), you can plug the device into a PC or the family TV with the included cable. From there kids can crop their photos, give images crazy effects, add wacky frames, or watch their video footage.If you&rsquo;re on the go and there&rsquo;s not much picture-taking interest, the Kidizoom may still be your child&rsquo;s preferred toy. It has three fun built-in games geared toward preschoolers and comes with a set of headphones that plug into its side. Say "Cheese!" (Four AA batteries are required but not included.)VTech Kidizoom features:.3 megapixels with 1.8" color screenDouble viewer or LCD screen for easy photo takingConnector cables for TV or PC hook-upPhoto editing capabilitiesSD card slot for extra memoryThree preschool gamesChangeable faceplates16MB internal memory ; 