Title: LeapFrog Fridge Farm Magnetic Animal Set ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Moo! Oink! Bow-wow! Toddlers from one to five years old will love making wacky animal combinations with this LeapFrog Magnetic Animal set. This toy teaches kids all about animals, as it plays learning songs, fun facts, and sounds. Toddlers can make up to 25 combinations with this magnetic puzzle, and it can be played with on the refrigerator or floor. When two matching pieces are inserted into the farm, a cheerful electronic voice says the animal name. If the pieces mismatch, the toy creates a silly name for that animal. Matches are positively reinforced and the toy makes mismatches seem funny rather than wrong. When set to music mode, Farmer Tad plays five banjo tunes for a real barnyard hoe-down.Down on the FarmThe Fridge Farm is a great set to travel with. All pieces store on the back of the barn and a carry handle allows easy transport from place to place. The toy's resilient construction withstands wear and tear and holds up nicely to rough child play. With this toy's open-ended format toddlers can create any hilarious combination they choose. It features strong magnets to keep it from falling off the fridge and a lightweight construction so the child can carry the fun from room to room. A handy volume switch keeps the music at an enjoyable level. This toy is easy for little fingers to manage and convenient for parents to store. It requires three AAA batteries (included).Fun Award-Winning FeaturesThe fridge farm encourages creativity, as your child mixes, matches, and makes zany animals. Bright colors and lively animal songs make the Fridge Farm a family favorite. Loved by parents and their children, this award-winner is both educational and fun. In 2004, it received the prestigious Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Seal Award. Superior quality, easy-to-grasp pieces, and lively banjo tunes make it a great addition for any toddler's toy box.What's in the BoxBarnyard, 5 animal pieces, and 3 AAA batteries.All pieces store on the back of the barn, and a carry handle allows easy transport.The fridge farm encourages creativity, as your child mixes, matches, and makes zany animals. ; 