Title: Fisher-Price I Can Play Piano System ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: 20px; }#review { width: 100%; font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 12px; } .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }Better than dull, expensive piano lessons, the I Can Play piano system by Fisher Price uses video game technology to teach kids the piano basics. This interactive, musical toy has a graphics and a musical color-coding system to turn every song into a delightful game. The child plays along on a three-octave keyboard that plugs right into the television. Music is represented on the screen as moving images. At first, the images are colored to match the keys on the keyboard. They slowly move up from the bottom of the screen and pass over a line at the top. As the child pushes on the matching colored key, they hear themselves playing music. The tempo of the song can be sped up or slowed down and played with one or both hands. As the child progresses through the different song modes, game play gradually get a little more complicated. The images begin to scroll sideways and morph into colored musical notes. Eventually, the notes scroll to the side and are colored black, like a real music sheet. Kids will learn to read music by first identifying the keys on the keyboard, then associating the keys with notes. Best for children four through eight, this engaging toy can spark a life-long interest in music.Throw Out Your Sheet MusicRather than tedious practice methods, this toy improves your child's musical abilities using innovative Piano Wizard video game technology. The system includes a Family Favorites software cartridge with eight well-known songs and two warm up games. Your child may soon be able to play Heart and Soul and Old MacDonald, and many more songs. Additional cartridges are available for purchase with songs from popular children's television series and Christmas tunes. Plus, this system's interface is simple for kids to navigate and using the keyboard is a breeze. A brochure is included for parents with tips on choosing a piano teacher and musical development. This product measures 21-by-8.96-by 2.4 inches (LxWxH) and requires six D batteries.FeaturesThis is the perfect educational tool for peaking a child's interest in music. Not only does it use interactive technology combined with a traditional teaching approach, it has the bright colors and creative graphics of popular video games. Convenient and easy-to-use, it plugs right into your standard TV set and stores easily away. Parents enjoy helping their child learn the basic songs and it provides hours of delight for the whole family. With an easy-to-follow game and sensible design, learning has never been more fun.What's in the BoxGame cartridge, keyboard, and informative brochure.Easy plug-and-play allows you to use a  three-octave keyboard that plugs right into the television. ; 