Title: POOF-Slinky 0SA230 Scientific Explorer Ultimate Crystal Growing Kit, 13-Activities ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0SA230 Scientific Explorer Ultimate Crystal Growing Kit teaches your child how to make awesome crystals in all kinds of shapes, sizes and colors. Family and friends will be amazed, but your child will know the science behind the crystals. With (13) activities, this is the most impressive crystal growing kit you will ever find that lets your child explore the science of crystal growing, a hot new field where spectacularly pure crystals grown in the gravity free environment of space offer clues for new medicines on earth. See spectacular results as they grow a shimmering crystal studded geode that glows in the dark, formations with long jagged spikes, crystals that bounce and jiggle and more. Scientific Explorer&#x2019;s Ultimate Crystal Growing Kit includes (2) cards, (4) containers, sodium acetate, (3) packets of MAP (monoammonium phosphate), (2) packets of alum, polyacrylamide, zinc sulfide, a bag of granite rocks, magnifier, measuring beaker, (2) Petri dishes, pipette, plaster of Paris, safety goggles and a 19-page activity guide. The crystal experiments in this kit make great projects for science fairs and are a perfect activity for boys and girls to learn about the beauty of what grows in our Earth. Ultimate Crystal Growing Kit is part of the exceptional series of home science kits based on the nationally recognized Great Explorations in Math and Science (GEMS) program pioneered at UC Berkley's Lawrence Hall of Science. The POOF-Slinky 0SA230 Scientific Explorer Ultimate Crystal Growing Kit is recommended for children 9-years of age and older with adult supervision. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. ; 