Title: My Little Pony Play-N-Carry Skywishes Pony ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }The Hasbro My Little Pony Play-N-Carry Skywishes Pony gives your little girl an adorable newborn pony to care for and play with. Recommended for children three years and older, Skywishes comes with sounds and accessories aplenty, and will give her owner tons to do.My Little Pony can be worn as a backpack.Backpack opens up to become a crib.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Comes with crib, crib converts to backpackThe Bad:Pony might be taken everywhere with your childIn a Nutshell:Skywishes Pony might be the cutest member of the My Little Pony familyAt a GlanceAges:3 and olderRequires:3 AA batteries (included)The Perfect PlaymateSkywishes Pony might just be the cutest member of the My Little Pony family. She is a warm, pleasant pink in color and has shimmering, lively eyes that your little girl will instantly fall in love with. She also comes with an adorable crib, where she can be put down for naptime. Or, when it's time to get on the move, the crib can be converted into a baby backpack, to transport Skywishes wherever her owner takes her.Realistic Sound and MovementSkywishes can also say 20 different phrases and sounds. Your little girl will be convinced that Skywishes is actually alive when she says phrases such as "I love going places with you!" and "Mommy, will you play with me?" She'll also be delighted by Skywishes' movements: When she presses Skywishes' feet, the pony bursts into movement and starts playing with her toys.About My Little PonyHasbro has been manufacturing My Little Pony toys since 1982. The toy franchise has since risen to immense popularity, and has delighted generations of little girls with its colorful, fanciful dolls. My Little Pony has also branched out into TV and film, and continues to be a much sought-after toy and collector item. ; 