Title: Scene It? Deluxe Disney 2nd Edition ; Description: The popular board game that has players watching video clips and shouting out answers is now available in an upgraded Disney theme. This second edition of Screenlife&#x92;s Scene It? Disney game is chock full of questions, characters, and clips from both new and classic films from the family-friendly giant. From older films likeAlice in WonderlandandThe Little Mermaidto new favorites such asThe IncrediblesandRatatouille, the game asks questions about unforgettable characters, songs, and scenes.Pop the game&#x92;s DVD into your player to start the magic and mayhem. Loaded with new clips and puzzles, this updated version touches on elephants that fly to cursed pirates and all things in between. There are over 1,000 questions on the 160 trivia cards, so even if you see the same snippet from the 180 on the DVD during the same game, the question about that scene will be different. Special technology randomizes the order of the clips to ensure fresh fun each time the game is played.The themed, interactive game board can be spread out for longer games, or folded when you don&#x92;t have a lot of time (or players). To help you move around the board there are four metal player tokens (Nemo, Ariel, Tinkerbell, and Lightning McQueen), one six-sided die to determine how many spaces to move, and one eight-sided die that determines the category to be played. Once the dice have been rolled, clips are watched, questions are asked, and it&#x92;s revealed just how much you know. Use observation, memory, wordplay, and puzzle-solving to answer various challenges about the imaginative characters, celebrated songs, and timeless storytelling you see on-screen. Categories range from Take Three and Songs to Mousellaneous and more.All the components that come with this Disney Scene It? Game.Not a longtime watcher of Disney and Pixar films? Don&#x92;t worry. This game is easy enough to learn and fun enough to play even for those who are not overly familiar with the plots. The trivia cards include questions for adults with separate ones for children, and some questions can be answered simply by paying close attention to the movie clips. There are also 30 Buzz cards available to help (or occasionally hinder) your progress. If these reasons aren&#x92;t enough to tempt you into a game on your own, then co-captain the Black Pearl with a friend or family member and play a few rounds in team mode first.A TV, DVD player, and remote control are needed but not included. The DVD includes an on-screen demonstration of game play.What&#x92;s in the box2 DVDs1 Flextime game board1 six-sided die1 eight-sided category die4 collectible metal player tokens160 trivia cards30 Buzz cards4 reference cardsGame play instructions ; 