Title: LeapFrog Learn &amp; Groove Musical Table ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Provide a world of learning and musical fun for your child with the LeapFrog Learn & Groove Musical Table. Designed for children ages six months to three years, this innovative toy is chock full of learning and musical activities designed to provide visual and auditory stimulation and motor skill development, as well as opportunities to learn about colors, the alphabet, and opposites for older children -- and much more.The toy is full of learning and musical activities designed to provide visual and auditory stimulation.This plastic-molded table sits flat on the floor for babies to play at while sitting.View larger.Grows with your ChildThe sturdy, plastic-molded, brightly colored table sits flat on the floor for babies to play at while sitting. You can attach the table's legs to adjust it to accommodate toddlers' play while standing. And it offers plenty of activities at different levels of learning to keep your child entertained for these early developmental years. Your child will delight in spinning the maraca to hear a fun rendition of the ABC song; playing the colored piano keys to practice motor skills and learn about colors; moving the trombone's slide to count to 10; and sliding the cello to learn about up and down. Kids can tap on the colorful drum and learn about colors and primary shapes, too. Then, by flipping the pages of the "book" to go from the Learning Mode to the Music Mode, kids can hear more than 40 songs and melodies, including nursery rhymes and fun individual instrument sounds that will have them singing and dancing.Plenty to Do, Lots to LearnWith all of these activities, your child will exercise his or her memory and problem-solving skills with lots of things to push, pull, turn, open, and close. And with the flip of a switch, the songs and games switch from English to Spanish, offering a great introduction to foreign-language learning. The Learn & Groove Musical Table requires some assembly and needs 3 AA batteries for operation. Batteries are not included.What's in the Box1 LeapFrog Learn and Groove Musical Table. ; 