Title: Hasbro FurReal Friends Smores Pony ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Winner of the 2007 T.O.T.Y. Award for Best Girls Toy of the Year, the Hasbro FurReal Friends Smores Pony seeks to fulfill every little girl's dream of having her very own pony. Smores is a miniature pony, and will react to your child's loving care in incredibly realistic ways. More than three feet tall, she will even allow your child to sit on her for a pretend ride. Recommended for children ages 4 through 10, Smores Pony will quickly become any little girl's most precious companion.Smores has built-in sensors all over her body, which enable her to respond in amazingly lifelike ways.View larger.Just Like a Real PonyWith Smores, your girl will feel like she is interacting with a living, breathing pony. Smores is soft to the touch, with a fur coat and mane that feel just like a real pony. Her markings and color are modeled after an actual pony. Smores also has built-in sensors all over her body, which enable her to respond to children in amazingly lifelike ways. If talked to, she will cock her head toward the speaker quizzically and blink her eyes. She will also react to petting, showing her enjoyment by rubbing her head against your child, twitching her ears, and swishing her tail. In addition to her convincing movements, Smores also makes a medley of different sounds. She'll neigh and whinny just like a real pony, and snort when she wants attention. Should the room become dark, she will begin to whimper, letting her owner know that she needs a consoling hug to know that she is safe.Saddle Up!At over three feet tall, Smores is more than strong enough to support a rider up to 100 pounds in weight. Your little girl will be overjoyed to sit on Smores's back and pretend to go for a ride. Although she doesn't move her legs, Smores will bump up and down when her hindquarters are tapped, simulating the feeling of a real pony ride. She will also make clomping sounds with her hooves while riding. Your child's imagination will soar as she pictures herself out on the plains with Smores.Caring for SmoresMuch like a real pony, Smores loves to be groomed and fed. Children will keep very busy taking care of her. When given her special carrot, Smores will chomp and munch on it. She also enjoys having her mane groomed with her brush. Along with her brush and carrot, Smores comes with a special adoption certificate, which will give your little girl a real sense that Smores belongs exclusively to her.What's in the BoxFurReal Friends Smores Pony, carrot, brush, halter and special adoption certificate. ; 