Title: Electronic Hyperslide ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Be quick, pick the right colored hyper disc, and flick it under the arch before time runs out. The Hyper Slide from Hasbro packs three fast-paced electronic table-top games into one compact unit. Recommended for ages eight and up, these fast-sliding games for one or two players are fun and exciting for kids and adults.The hyper discs can be conveniently stored in a compartment on the side of the arch.View larger.Three fast-paced electronic table-top games in one stylish unit.View larger.Fun, Futuristic Table Top GameWith its sleek, arched design, Hyper Slide looks like a futuristic game. Resembling a hockey game for a table top, the object is to flip the pucks through the goal. However, in these games the goal can be scored from both sides of the arch, and there are four different-colored pucks, called hyper discs. The game's electronic unit calls out a color, and you must pick that color and sent it through the arc. It automatically detects whether you've passed the right disc or not. When not in operation, the hyper discs can be conveniently stored in a compartment on the side of the arch.Three Games for Solo Play or Two-Person PlayThe Hyper Slide offers a few variations of play for your enjoyment. Two lighted buttons on the top of the Hyper Slide make it easy to choose which of the three games you want to play.While the objects of the games are simple, playing them can be a fun challenge. The first game, "Fast Pass," is all about speed. The game commands a color and you've got to pass it through the goal quickly before the buzzer blasts. With "Add One," you've got to remember the order of colors. You start with a color and add one to the sequence each time you complete a round. "Code Buster" gives you 90 seconds to decipher the secret series of colors.Best of all, you can play all these games with a friend or by yourself. With both "Fast Pass" and "Add One," you can even play head-to-head with another player or team. For solo play, the rubber "hyper band" is attached under the arch, bouncing the discs back to your side.Put to the TestPlaying on any smooth, nonmetal surface, you'll be surprised how much fun the Hyper Slide really is. An announcer's voice, high-energy music, and sound effects move these games along. With your head in the game, you'll soon block out all the noise and only hear the color to flick, slide, or shoot through the arch. Unfortunately, if the constant voice directions are not your thing, the game can't be played without these sounds, nor can the volume be adjusted. On the plus side, the Hyper Slide announces your score at the end of each competition and keeps track of the highest score for each game. This electronic system runs on three "AAA" batteries (sold separately). If the Hyper Slide goes unused for two minutes, this smartly designed toy "goes to sleep," saving battery life until the player buttons are pressed.Pros3 fast-paced games for 2-person and solo playLighted buttons make it easy to switch through gamesGames remember high scoresElectronic game shuts off on its ownConsGame must be played with announcer and music goingVolume can't be controlledWhat's in the BoxHyper Slide electronic game, hyper band, and 4 hyper discs. ; 