Title: LeapFrog Fridge Phonics Magnetic Alphabet Set - Styles May Vary ; Description: .caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } .headline { font-size: 15px; font-weight: bold; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; }Phonics have never been more fun with this LeapFrog Fridge PhonicsMagnetic Set. With this engaging tool, children can learn letter names and sounds from the convenience of your refrigerator. Simply place a letter into the reader and press to hear its name, sound, and a delightful phonics song. Great as a speech development tool for ages two and up, the LeapFrog magnetic set delivers hour of amusement, while teaching the alphabet.Leap into LearningKids will dance to the music and their faces light up as they imitate the sounds. The vowels are all colored red and the consonants are yellow, blue, or green. This helps children identify letters and see the difference between vowels and consonants. And as the children learn to grasp and place the letters, the toy sharpens motor skills.To start the learning process, this toy includes 26 magnetic letters and a magnetic letter reader. Little fingers can easily grasp the big, bright letters and place them on the fridge. Kids can also play the alphabet song by pressing the red musical note. In addition, a handy off-soft-loud control allows parents to change the volume and keeps the music at an enjoyable level. Vibrant colors and a sassy green frog captivates the kids and adds to the fun. This educational toy's durable plastic construction holds up to rough toddler play. Three AAA-size batteries are provided.Award-Winning FeaturesThis toy has received many accolades and awards from prominent toy organizations. In 2003, it won the Oppenheim Toy Portfolio Gold Seal and Snap Award; it was also named Nick Jr.com's Toy of the Year. It attaches right to the refrigerator with secure magnets and is easily accessible when your child is hungry for learning. With lively musical songs and a fun cartoon frog, the magnetic letter set can be a great educational tool for children with a severe speech difficulty, or for those just needing a brush-up on their ABCs.What's in the BoxMagnetic letter reader, 26 magnetic letters, and 3 AAA batteries.Children can learn letter names and sounds from the convenience of your refrigerator.Vowels are all colored red and the consonants are yellow, helping your children identify the different types of letters. ; 