Title: Strider ST-2 PREbike Balance Running Bike ; Description: With the Strider PREbike, there are no "tricycle tip-overs" or "training-wheel wobbles" to create a fear, hesitancy, or dislike of bike riding. The Strider running bike helps toddlers learn balance and coordination before pedaling, which develops glittering confidence. Designed for children, ages 1 to 5, the Strider running bike holds several advantages over ordinary beginner's bikes.The Strider teaches your child balance, coordination and develops glittering confidence. Trikes and bikes with training wheels don't. Traditional bicycles place too much of the focus on learning to pedal--skimping on developing your child's motor skills. And tricycles are heavy, clunky and difficult for kids to control.Bike riding becomes a breeze when you teach your child balance and coordination before pedaling. The Strider takes pedaling out of the mix so that kids can concentrate solely on learning balance, which takes more practice. Pedaling is a secondary skill that kids can easily learn within a few short minutes.Pure Fun, Right Out of the BoxIf your child can walk... your child can ride a Strider. Even tiny little children, before the age of two, are drawn to the Strider. At first, kids will grab the handle bars, straddle the bike and walk without ever sitting down on the seat. And they're completely stable: Two wheels, front and back. Feet firmly on the ground. Hands bracing the handle bars.Here's an added benefit for parents: Your child will become more mobile. The Strider opens up a whole world for your child to ride on. Take your child's Strider to an outdoor gathering, a nearby park, or anywhere else you walk. With a Strider, there's no more dawdling little one's. Your child will easily be able to keep pace.The next step: Kids quickly learn to sit down, push with their feet and zip right along as they balance on two wheels.A Safer Way to Learn Bike RidingTricycles tip over, scrape ankles, and are difficult to pedal. Bicycles with training wheels are tall, heavy, unstable and downright scary for young riders. Both have the potential to cause painful injuries and fear. The Strider PREbike is free from any cables, chains, sprockets, pedals or protrusions that can harm your child. And the Strider is steady, stable and safe. At the first feeling of instability, your child will instinctively place both feet securely on the ground. So there are no "tricycle tip-overs" or "training-wheel wobbles" that stir-up a fear, hesitancy, or dislike of bike riding.The Strider's lightweight design and low center of gravity make it easy to maneuver and control, giving your child a safe and secure feeling. And the bike's adjustable seat height starts at 11 inches from the ground, accommodating the shortest of legs. Control is further enhanced with a low and flat handlebar design. Kids can now reach forward rather than up, which gives them better leverage and maneuverability. And as the your child becomes more confident, the Strider's integrated foot rests provide a place for both feet while coasting along.Specifications:Weight:Less that 7 pounds (about 1/3 the weight of a typical 12-inch pedal bike with training wheels).Frame Design:Unique frame design has integrated Launch Pad footrests for gliding and learning advanced riding skills.Tires:Puncture-proof all-terrain tires with sealed bearings and 5/16-inch steel axles.Construction:Durable welded steel frame and handlebarsWarranty:1 year warranty against manufacturing defectsSizing:Adjustable handlebar and seat height to fit riders from 30 to 44 inches tall (saddle height adjusts from 11 to 16 inches from ground). The optional Extra-Long Seatpost with Saddle is recommended for children 4 years and older (adjusts from 14 to 19 inches from the ground). ; 