Title: Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Color Flash Laptop ; Description: Boys and girls love to role play. Now they can have their own laptop, just like mommy and daddy! They&rsquo;ll be playing for hours with the Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop. With basic laptop features and functions, the kid-friendly Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop gives young children the opportunity to learn the basics of computer play while having fun!Fun to Learn Laptop will teach the basics of computer playEach learning mode has exciting sounds, music and lights that provide hours of endless funColorful Computer PlayYour child will love experimenting with the Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop and its many buttons, sounds and lights. Kids will love how the desktop background changes color from blue, green, to red. There are six, exciting modes to teach letters (both uppercase and lower case!), phonics, music, numbers, games and typing. Each mode will help children strengthen their academic skills and add excitement to learning. With the Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop, the learning opportunities are endless!Tech-Savvy SkillsThe Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop is a fantastic educational tool. Whether they&rsquo;re playing games or counting numbers aloud, just think how much fun your preschooler will have while typing away. Preschoolers will be tech-savvy in not time if they practice their computer skills on a daily basis. The entertainment value is great, too. Once they&rsquo;ve discovered and mastered one mode, they can move to the next mode. There are so many exciting modes to choose from, the fun never stops!No Wires, No Mess!No worries about storing extra parts and wires, the Fisher-Price Fun to Learn Color Flash Laptop mouse is attached to the mouse pad, which in turn is attached to the laptop. Plus, the Silicone rubber keyboard is kid tough and can withstand tons of play.What's In The Box?Fisher-Price Learn to Color Flash Laptop with attached mouse and mouse pad, 3 AA batteries.Computer keyboard features easy to read and press buttons ; 