Title: Fisher-Price Mickey Motors Raceway ; Description: Stand up and cheer for Mickey and Pete as they race around the Fisher-Price Mickey Motors Raceway! Children ages 3 and up will love revving up the engines and letting cars speed around the track. By using the Mickey hand elevator, the cars can be sent to the tracks high in the air, speeding down to the finish..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Mickey and Pete race side-by-side through the racetrack.View larger.The Mickey hand controls the elevator and brings the racers to the top.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Racing game is colorful with Mickey-inspired design, and has fun sound effects.The Bad:Racers don't race side-by-side the whole time.In a Nutshell:Interactive racing game will keep young children stimulated with a two-level track, and fun sound effects.At a GlanceAges:8 and olderRequires:2 AA batteries, not includedPump the Mickey head to rev up the racer and make it go!View larger.Bright, Colorful TrackWith a two-level bright, colorful track, kids will be eager to start racing their cars. The track itself features two lanes side-by-side, along with several Mickey-inspired touches to the raceway's design, including Mickey Ear archways, a Mickey Hand-operated elevator, and more.Parents may need to help assemble the race course, which takes about 10 minutes. Although not necessary for racing, three AA batteries are needed for the sound effects to work, which we highly recommend for the enjoyment they add to the game.Engaging, Hands-On FunKids will love the interaction that the Mickey Motors Raceway provides. They can make the two included race cars (one with Mickey driving and the other with Pete) go by placing them on the launcher and pumping on the Mickey ear charger to "rev" the engine. A Mickey voice will count each time you pump, and when the voice reaches 10, it will tell you to "Go Racer One!" To launch the racer, you press down on the Mickey hand and off it goes. Kids will need to charge the racer after each lap to maintain speed, and Mickey will tell you what lap you're on.One of the fun features is the elevator. As racers ride into the tower, depending on whether the elevator is up or down, they will either pass through or stop in the elevator. When they stop in the elevator, kids will love raising the elevator using the Mickey hand, and then watching the racers race back down to the ground on the red track.Although there are two tracks, we wished that the racers would have raced side-by-side. Instead, the racers start from different ends and the game keeps count of how many laps the racers have done to see who is winning. We think the Raceway will provide a lot of fun for younger children, but older children might prefer a racing game that puts more of an emphasis on competition and skill.Two racers are included, but more can be collected and raced to add to the fun.Sound Effects Galore!The Mickey Motors Raceway provides a variety of sound effects and sayings that will have kids thrilled and giggling. Mickey will say both cheerful and informational things such as: "I think we need a pit stop!," "Faster than a speeding mouse!," and "Hooooooot dog!"What's in the BoxMickey Raceway track, Mickey racer, Pete racer, decals. ; 