Title: Fisher-Price Laugh and Learn Say Please Tea Set ; Description: Children love to have tea parties with siblings, parents, friends, and their favorite dolls or stuffed animal companions. This Say Please tea set is a delightful way to introduce babies and toddlers aged 6-36 months to pretend play and sharing, while helping them learn important skills like counting, shapes, opposites, good manners, and more!Silly sounds, fun songs, and surprising discoveries help make teatime memorable!Encourages problem-solving, counting, sharing, and good manners, like saying, &ldquo;Please&rdquo; and &ldquo;Thank you!&rdquo;Musical Surprises & Learning FunChunky styling and smiling faces make the Say Please Tea Set especially baby-friendly. And it&rsquo;s full of musical surprises that every age will appreciate. The magic starts when the teapot lid opens to play silly sounds and share special greetings. Tip the pot and the fun &ldquo;bubbles over,&rdquo; sounding as if you&rsquo;re really pouring tea! Pressing on the teabag produces more sound effects and charming sing-along songs, encouraging baby to take turns and even learning to say &ldquo;please&rdquo; and &ldquo;thank you.&rdquo; There are three different modes to enjoy: Learning mode encourages counting and opposites; Music mode has fun sing-a-longs; and Imagination mode focuses on role play.Imaginative Play, With Developmental BenefitsThe Say Please Tea Set&rsquo;s classic theme introduces baby to early role play and social skills. Sing-along songs & phrases help baby learn about manners and sharing. Tea Set comes with three teatime treats shaped like a circle, triangle and square, which fit perfectly on matching sections of the serving plate. This encourages shape sorting and problem-solving play. To help make the most of your teatime together, try talking to your baby as you play, to help her associate words with actions. &ldquo;I&rsquo;m pouring tea into the cup. Can you open the lid?&rdquo; Or count the treats as you show your child how to place them on the tray. Then let her give it a try. Best of all, invite friends (like dolls) to share in the fun of a tea party. Be sure to use extra-nice manners, and make sure to say, &ldquo;Please!&rdquo;Other Ways to Laugh & LearnBabies learn more when they feel at home. Combining familiar objects, everyday discoveries, and your baby&rsquo;s never-ending sense of wonder are the basis of the Laugh & Learn collection of toys. Make learning more fun with Laugh & Learn favorites like the Dance & Play Puppy, the Sweet Sounds Picnic, and the Smilin&rsquo; Smart Phone.What's In The Box?One Laugh & Learn musical teapot, two plastic cups (not for real liquids), three treat/shapes, one plate. Requires 2 AA alkaline batteries, not included ; 