Title: Baby Alive Baby Go Bye Bye ; Description: Role-playing is an important part of a child's play, and with the Hasbro Baby Alive Go Bye Bye doll, little girls can "play mommy" with a cuddly, giggling baby doll. This doll, designed for kids ages 3 and up, comes with special carrier, so little girls can have fun carrying and caring for the doll -- just like a real mom..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } img.withlink {border:1px black solid;}What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Baby doll and carrier offer versatile and imaginative funThe Bad:Baby doll makes cute cooing sounds, but it's almost too easy to activate the soundsIn a Nutshell:Baby doll and carrier let little girls "play mommy" and engage in vital, imaginative role playingAt a GlanceAges:3 and upRequires:3 AAA batteries (included); Phillips screwdriver to replace batteriesBaby Alive comes with a versatile carrier.View larger.Playing "Mommy" is fun and rewarding.View Larger.Cute Baby Doll Really Coos and GigglesThe adorable baby doll has plastic hands and head and a soft body and legs. She's dressed in permanent underclothes, booties and an attached headband (additional "Baby Alive" outfits are available for separate purchase). She has a sweet face featuring cartoonish, oversized eyes that will delight little girls. Press her tummy to hear a variety of baby sounds. Most of the sounds, including giggling and cooing, are pretty realistic -- although our child tester thought one of them sounded like a cat purring. The sounds are very easy to activate -- perhaps too easy! Beware if you're trying to keep the doll quiet, because there's no "off" switch to prevent accidental noises during your child's nap time.Feed, Carry, and Rock Baby to SleepThe baby carrier has a lightweight plastic frame and printed fabric cover. The baby doll fits into a snug pouch that's secured with Velcro straps. Like most small children, our child tester is fascinated with real babies, so she immediately took to carrying the baby in her carrier just like the real mothers she's seen.The carrier can be used basket style, carried on the crook of an arm; it also comes with straps so a child can wear it as a front pack. Fold the carrier down and prop it on its handles to use it as a rocking bassinet, or sit it up on one handle as a feeding chair. The child can feed her with the included toy baby bottle. Finally, the carrier can be folded closed to use as a travel bag. While it's very easy to configure the carrier, younger children will need some assistance in figuring it out.Plenty of Room for ImaginationAlthough the doll does require batteries, we love that the toy's functionality doesn't dictate or put limitations on the terms of the child's play. Unlike other specialized, battery-operated toys that offer a limited range of functions, this toy offers versatile props that really foster a child's imaginative role playing.This Baby Alive doll comes with 3 AAA batteries. A Phillips screwdriver required to replace them.What's in the BoxBaby doll with 3 AAA batteries, convertible baby carrier, toy baby bottle ; 