Title: Nerf Dart Tag Hyperfire Deluxe 2 Player Blaster Set ; Description: From Hasbro, the Nerf Dart Tag Hyperfire Deluxe 2-Player Blaster Set includes everything you need for fast-paced battles and action-packed contests. Featuring two Hyperfire blasters that hold 10 darts each for rapid firing, and two Micro Blasters for close-range sneak attacks, this set is sure to keep kids eight and up on their toes and having fun..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } img.withlink {border:1px black solid;}What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Four blasters with an awesome range can be accurately aimedThe Bad:Small darts are easy to loseIn a Nutshell:This Nerf Blaster provides kids and adults with hours of funAt a GlanceAges:8 and upColorful Hyperfire Blasters can hold 10 darts at a time.View larger.A Whole New Game of TagGetting ready for battle is quick and easy. Strap on an adjustable scoring vest and slip on your sleek, Vision Gear glasses. Then load your blaster up with foam darts and take aim at your opponent. Forget laser-tag games that burn through batteries and simpler foam dart guns that require you to reload after every shot. A Hyperfire Blaster can hold 10 darts at a time, and with an auto-advance barrel, you can get lots of shots off quickly.Whether you play indoors with couch cushion forts offering you cover, or outdoors in an open field, there's lots of different ways you can strategize against your opponents. Take as many shots as you can right away, or wait until your opponent is low on ammo and get in a single, perfectly aimed blow.One really great feature is the way darts actually stick to the included vests, so you never have to argue about whether or not you've scored a hit. Micro Blasters that hold one dart each and offer a shorter range add to your strategic options.Dramatic, Fast-Paced PlayIt is critical to give a little thought to the field of play before a game begins. The Hyperfire Blasters have a surprising long range, and they shoot darts with an impressive amount of force. Even though the darts are made of soft foam, if you take a lot of shots at close range your opponent probably won't want to play again. Similarly, fragile items could be broken if you hit them directly. So it's a good idea to test your gun before the first battle so that you can estimate how much space you'll need to play.Let's face it, even adults love Nerf guns. So, in addition to inspiring competitive friends and siblings to spend time together, this set provides a great way for parents and kids to play together. Our one real complaint is that, even though this set is lots of fun for older kids and adults, the safety glasses and the scoring vests are sized only for younger players.And while the included glasses are well made with a pleasant orange tint, they aren't very adjustable. So if they aren't comfortable or secure, you might want to replace them with protective eyewear of your own.Overall, it's hard to imagine having more fun than we had with these Hyperfire Blasters. We do suspect that it would be pretty easy to lose some of the 24 included darts, especially if you play outdoors on a windy day or in a cluttered basement. Fortunately, you can buy refill packs to replace lost darts or to extend the length of game play.What's in the BoxTwo large blasters, two micro blasters, two scoring vests, two sets of safety glasses, and 24 micro darts.Auto-advance barrel for fast-paced action.View larger.Includes two micro blasters.View larger. ; 