Title: ALEX&reg; Toys - Early Learning Good Time Craft -Little Hands 1420 ; Description: It&rsquo;s a craft party made out of party goods!  Turn paper cups and plates into 12 fun and easy craft projects for the preschool set.  Make 4 masks, 4 party hats and 4 monster cups.  Everything you need is included and the instructions are all completely visual- great for pre-readers.Make 4 wild party masks out of paper plates.Turn paper cups into funny monsters.Fun to Make, Fun to Play WithNot only is this collection of mini craft projects fun to make, but they are fun to play with, too.  Make 4 silly masks for pretend play. There is a cow, owl, monkey and lion, all who wear little party hats.  4 funny fishy hats are made by sticking 2 brightly colored plates together with stickers.  Put them on for an instant crack up.  The 4 paper cups that you make into party monsters are as much fun to play with as they are to make.Perfectly Designed For PreschoolersEach project has been especially designed to be made by kids ages 3 and up. Big chunky precut pieces are easy for little hands to hold and manipulate.  The glue stick goes on purple, but dries clear so that kids can see where they&rsquo;ve placed the glue for easy positioning. This makes the projects super easy and gives young kids a feeling of pride that they can successfully complete the project themselves.  Each craft is also small enough to be completed within a preschoolers&rsquo; short attention span.Individually Packed Projects Make it EasyAll the materials you need for each mini craft is packed in its own bag.  No more searching around through the box to find all the pieces that you need. This also makes it very easy to share. Just pull out a bag and hand it to each child, or save some projects for tomorrow.  The paper punch out sheets and stickers sheets are all printed with the final design so that the child can see which paper shapes and stickers go together if they do get mixed up.What's In The Box?Includes oodles of stickers, precut paper shapes, 12 colored paper plates, 4 colored paper cups, chunky buttons, feathers, tissue paper, chunky glue stick and easy picture instructions.Throw a craft party with projects perfect for preshcoolers! ; 