Title: Knex Sawblade Thrill Ride ; Description: Young engineers will delight in the challenge of using more than 1500 pieces to build the awe-inspiring K'NEX Sawblade Thrill Ride. Once they're done with construction, a real motor sets this dramatic midway attraction spinning. Designed for children nine and older, this monster building set offers infinite possibilities for invention..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Intricate details and moving parts add to the fun of building the Sawblade Thrill Ride.View larger.A working motor powers K'NEX creations.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Infinite possibilities for innovative constructionThe Bad:Lots of little pieces to keep track ofIn a Nutshell:Start with an awesome thrill ride and keep creatingAt a GlanceAges:9 and upRequires:2 AA batteriesOver 1500 PiecesThe popular K'NEX building system uses a variety of connectors to combine sturdy plastic rods. Pieces are color coded based on their shape, and elements like gears and working motors help put creations into action. This collection of more than 1500 K'NEX pieces provides everything needed to begin having fun right away. Since the best part of K'NEX is the creative construction process, no parental assembly is required. Simply use a coin to slip two new AA batteries (not included) into the motor before an invention is ready to utilize power.This set comes with an oversized booklet offering step-by-step instructions for assembling the Sawblade Thrill Ride, a daring structure with two spinning wheels that's over four feet tall. Even though colored illustrations make these instructions easy to follow, the Sawblade is a large, complicated ride, and even the most accomplished builders will be proud when they finish construction and set the motor spinning for the first time.Imagine, Build, PlayLike any building toy, this K'NEX set isn't limited by the model in the instructions. Anything kids can dream up, they can make from K'NEX. Of course, it isn't always easy. Geometry and physics play a role in the way a structure stands and moves, adding an educational component to each building session. And by fostering attention to detail along with creative problem solving skills, building toys like K'NEX encourage kids to be thoughtful and innovative.With plenty of pieces for more than one budding architect, K'NEX offer a way for kids to connect with each other, too. Friends and siblings can put their heads together to cooperatively construct a spectacular building or vehicle, or they can divvy up the parts and compete to see who comes up with the most unbelievable new thing.The Possibilities Are EndlessStumped trying to come up with something to build? Or do you simply think a ride called the Swinging Rocket sounds super cool? Go to knex.com online and download instructions for alternate builds using the pieces in this set.If your child is prepared for a bigger challenge, you can combine the Sawblade Thrill Ride with other sets for even more versatility. K'NEX building systems featuring other unbelievable thrill rides, speedy vehicles, and tubs full of useful parts are entirely compatible with the pieces in this set. All those little connectors can be difficult to keep track of, but the thrill of creation makes it worthwhile.What's in the Box1555 building pieces, including a K'NEX motor, and an instruction booklet. ; 