Title: Fisher-Price Loving Family Grand Dollhouse ; Description: Little girls love to play pretend&mdash;especially when it involves a beautiful pink dollhouse! This grand house will encourage your child to stretch her imagination with realistic rooms, play pieces and family members. She can act out family routines she sees every day at home, or dream up her own! Ages 3 years and up.The grandest house on the block, filled with Victorian details.Mom, Dad, and baby twins are ready to play "house" with you!Inspiring Imagination&hellip;Dollhouse play is all about inspiriting curiosity while having lots of fun. With eight extra-large rooms, and easy access to all of them, there is plenty of opportunity for exploration and discovery. Will breakfast be served in the dining room or will everyone share breakfast in bed? Who gets to clean up the kitchen? Your little girl decides! She&rsquo;s learning self expression and you&rsquo;re learning more and more about her each time you play together.Let's Play Pretend!The Loving Family Grand Dollhouse is the perfect toy for a play date. With fold out sides, there&rsquo;s plenty of room to share with a friend. They can take turns being the mommy or daddy, or each take the role of a twin! Help inspire their play, by prompting with story ideas. Maybe its dad&rsquo;s birthday but someone forgot to bake a cake. Ask them how each one of the family members could solve the problem and make dad&rsquo;s birthday a special one. Before you know it, they&rsquo;ll be off on a wildly imaginative ride, asking questions, role-playing and having a blast.Welcome Home&hellip;Come home to the grandest house on the block. Every Victorian detail has been thought out with great care, from the majestically curved staircase, to the top floor balcony window. The spacious third floor makes a great playroom or nursery for the twins. When the play is done, the design of the house makes it easy to fold up and store everything inside. Don&rsquo;t forget to look for more special accessories in the Loving Family dollhouse collection. Customized play pieces make furnishing, updating, and decorating the house an exciting activity to share with your little girl (additional accessories sold separately).What's In The Box?Loving Family Grand Dollhouse, baby twins, Mom, Dad, dining room table, 2 chairs, and 2 booster seats.Imagination is sure to grow with the Loving Family Grand Dollhouse. ; 