Title: Fisher-Price Little Einsteins Transform &amp; Go Rocket ; Description: Fans of the Disney's animated hitLittle Einsteinswill love casting off on adventures with the Fisher-Price Transform 'n Go Rocket. Featuring sound and light effects, and interchangeable parts, the Transform 'n Go Rocket will have kids ages three and up transforming between three different vehicles to go to space, go to the beach, and return home exhausted from all the fun..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Take off for a new adventure with Leo from Little Einsteins.View larger.Program up to 20 moves for consecutive playback.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Lights, Sounds, and Programmed Movement will keep kids entertained.The Bad:Rocket doesn't move in a straight line.In a Nutshell:For kids who enjoy Disney'sLittle Einsteins, the Transform 'n Go Rocket will provide entertainment to keep the imaginations active and adventurous.At a GlanceAges:3 and olderRequires:4 AA batteriesBright, Colorful Pieces Make Different SoundsThe Transform 'n Go Rocket has bright colorful pieces that are big enough for even younger kids to hold onto. The interchangeable parts include four wheels, two moon treads, a helicopter blade, an antenna, and a turbo booster. With them the vehicle can be transformed between a Dune Buggy Rocket, a Chopper Rocket, and a Lunar Rover Rocket.As children transform the vehicle from one to another, the vehicle "recognizes" the parts being attached to it and makes different sound effects in turn. For example, when the turbo rocket is installed, it says, "Let's go superfast!" (The vehicle itself, sadly, doesn't actually go faster.)Parents might be needed for the initial set up in which two engines are snapped into the rocket, as well as for changing the batteries. The Transform 'n Go Rocket runs on 4 AA batteries (included) and requires a Phillips screwdriver to change.Put Leo in the Driver's Seat and Program an Imaginative RideThe Transform 'N Go Rocket includes a Leo character fromLittle Einsteins, and he fits snugly into the pilot seat of the rocket. Additional characters from otherLittle Einsteinsadventure sets fit into the rocket as well.When the rocket is transformed and ready to go, children have a choice of programming it to move in six paths: Forward, left, right, spin, figure eight, and zig-zag. By pushing a combination of them, you can program the rocket to put on a show. Up to 20 moves can be inputted to be performed in a row by simply pushing the buttons in the order you want and then pushing the "PAT" button to make the rocket go.We put the rocket through its paces and found it to function as expected (though "forward" wasn't quite straight). The spin, figure eight, and zig-zag modes were especially fun to watch, and we think kids will love programming a long, idiosyncratic path for the rocket to get from one place to another.What's in the BoxTransform 'n Go Rocket, Leo figure. ; 