Title: Polly Pocket Ultimate Party Boat Playset ; Description: The Polly Pocket Ultimate Party Boat is packed with fun accessories that will keep your little girl entertained for hours. With 12 different activities for Polly to partake in -- including a water slide and a personal watercraft -- girls ages four and up will find all sorts of ways to have fun with the latest Polly Pocket toy. But because of its small parts that can be easy swallow, this toy is not recommended for children who require constant monitoring..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }The Polly Pocket Ultimate Party Boat keeps a low profile in yacht form.View larger.But it transforms into a large party space with many activities!View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Packed with clever features and cute accessoriesThe Bad:Has some tiny parts that are easy to lose or swallowIn a Nutshell:Sure to stimulate the imaginationAt a GlanceAges:4 and upQuick and Easy Set-UpThis compact, colorful boat is easy to set up when you use the illustrated instructions. It's important to note that the plastic boat isn't designed to actually float in water. But it does have a swimming pool that your girl can fill with water for Polly to splash in! The boat is fairly sturdy, but be sure to keep the numerous accessories in one place when your child is done playing so the small pieces don't get lost.Clever Layout and Fun FeaturesThe cleverly designed plastic yacht can go from sleek cruiser to all-out party boat in seconds. This pink, blue, and white party boat has everything a girl could want, including a swimming pool, a fold-out smoothie bar, a personal watercraft launcher, and many other cool features that are "hidden" in the boat's interior. Thanks to the easy-to-read and helpful instructions, you and your girl will have no trouble finding all the fun features this boat offers. There are 25 colorful accessories like snorkel and fins, a boom box, and a hammock that will spur kids' imagination. And Polly's bathing suit even changes color when she goes in the icy cold swimming pool!Set Sail for PlaytimeThis ingenious yacht is so inviting with its fun features and numerous accessories that we wanted to shrink ourselves down to Polly's size to enjoy everything it has to offer. After a hard day's play on the surfboard and the water slide, we really enjoyed the fruity drinks and the ice-cream sundaes, and we especially loved the comfortable pink hammock.Little hands might struggle with some of the tiny pieces and the few moving parts on the boat can be tricky to control, so parents of young children should monitor their play. But once kids get the hang of things, they'll find endless ways to entertain themselves with Polly on the high seas.What's in the BoxPolly Pocket doll, yacht, sun hat, visor, skirt, sunglasses, flip-flops, life-vest, fins, snorkel, comb, hairbrush, barstool, three cosmetics items, two smoothies, beach ball, two deck chairs, fruit tray, ice-cream sundae, boom box, surfboard, table, personal watercraft, suitcase. ; 