Title: ALEX&reg; Toys Artist Studio Draw Like A Pro 52W ; Description: An easy and fun introduction to drawing.  Just turn down the lights, switch on the projector, insert a printed slide and trace away. The Draw Like a Pro Machine includes a light projector and drawing table that holds all of the included accessories and folds up for travel and easy storage.Just trace the projected image to draw like a pro.Choose from 124 different slide images.124 Drawing Slides for Different Drawing ActivitiesThis drawing station includes 124 preprinted slides that allow children to create 3 types of artwork. There are mix and match heads and bodies to create characters, tilt the light forwards and backwards to change the size of the projected image to make wacky proportions.   Draw a scene by tracing different elements from the scene slides.  Move your paper left and right to combine a volcano, dinos and plants to make a prehistoric scene.  There is even a wheel of slides so that you can make your own flip book with precut pages and a flip book clip.Adjustable with Lots of Art MaterialsDrawing surface slides out for horizontal and vertical drawing positions. Click the top of the Draw Like a Pro up or down to change how big your image appears.  Also includes 6 markers and paper. Store all your slides and supplies in the built in drawer inside the machine. Carry the Draw like a Pro by its handle to the car, grandma's house or onto a plane.  Compact unit makes it easy to start and stop projects.Easy Video InstructionsJust log onto www.alextoys.com to watch easy video instructions to see how to use the slides and make the different kinds of drawings and make your own flip book.  Drawing becomes a magical experience as you work with the projected image and manipulate their size easily by moving the light closer to the drawing surface or farther away.What's In The Box?Includes Draw Like A Pro Projector, 12 slides, 6 markers, 10 sheets of paper, and precut flip book pages, flip book clip and easy instructions.  Requires 3 AA (LR-6) batteries not included.Make a flipbook, draw a scene or make wacky characters! ; 