Title: My Little Pony Ponyville Deluxe Playset ; Description: What little girl doesn't love ponies, amusement parks, and ice cream? The Ponyville Sweet Sundae Amusement Park features all three, and your child age 4 and up will find lots to do there. From putting pony on a Ferris wheel to feeding him sweet treats at the ice-cream parlor, your girl can entertain herself for hours at this pretty, pink-themed amusement park, where lots of fun accessories encourage creative play..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } img.withlink {border:1px black solid;}What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Roller coaster, Ferris wheel, and ice cream parlor sure to stimulate your child's imaginationThe Bad:Tiny accessories pose choking hazard for younger childrenIn a Nutshell:Sure to delight girls who love ponies, ice cream, amusement parks, or all three!At a GlanceAges:4 and olderRequires:3 AAA batteriesThe colorful amusement park includes tons of fun accessories.View larger.After a long day on the rides, Pony is ready to grab a meal.View Larger.Sweet Times at the Amusement ParkThe Sweet Sundae Amusement Park features three major components--the Ferris wheel, roller coaster, and ice cream parlor. No assembly is required; just take them out of the box and let your child play.The ice cream parlor opens to reveal fun features inside, including a food court, a lounge, and a turnstile that the pony can go through. (It might not be immediately obvious how to open up the ice cream parlor, but the instructions will take you through the steps.) The design is simple yet full of details to stimulate your child's imagination (and sweet tooth!), like the sundae on top of the ice cream parlor and the cupcake baskets on the Ferris wheel.Fun on the Ferris Wheel and Roller CoasterThe Ferris wheel is especially fun. Your girl will love putting pony in one of the cupcake baskets, pressing the pink heart-shaped button, and watching the Ferris wheel go round to a gentle tune. The roller coaster, while not mechanized like the Ferris wheel, is also sure to be a hit with your child. The well-designed track keeps pony safely in the roller-coaster car as he zooms down it. There is also a pink and yellow gondola that pony can ride in that hooks on to the underside of the roller coaster--a cute touch.The More Ponies the MerrierWe appreciated how all the little accessories--like the French fries, soda, and hot dog--attach to pony's leg, making it easy for your child to pretend with pony. These accessories are truly tiny, however, and pose a choking hazard for younger children, as well as being easy to lose. However, if you have younger children who like this toy, you could simply take away the small parts. Your child will still have plenty of fun without them.Keep in mind that only one "real" plastic pony is included with the amusement park, and your girl might clamor for more once she starts playing. But there are several cardboard ponies included to add to the amusement park fun.What's in the BoxPony, ice cream parlor playset, roller coaster playset, Ferris wheel playset, table, roller coaster car, boat; play accessories including soda can; popcorn, French fries, ice cream cone, hot dog, tray, sunscreen bottle, giraffe, and teddy bear; 3 AA batteries. ; 