Title: Power Wheels Jeep Wrangler Rubicon ; Description: Rubicon (roo&rsquo;bi-kon) n. A limit when passed or exceeded permits of no return.  True to its name, the Power Wheels Jeep Wrangler Rubicon takes kids on real backyard driving adventures as far their imaginations can go! Perfect fit for two riders ages 3 years & up. Max. Weight: 130 lbs.Roomy rear storage can hold what you need!Take a friend for a ride, and role-play an off-road adventure!Miles of Smiles!Built Fisher-Price tough, with rugged grab bars for easy in and out, pretend seatbelts for role-play fun and a roomy rear storage compartment&mdash;just pack it up and go! Driver-friendly features include a high speed lock-out for beginners and Power Lock Brakes, with plenty of interior space. 12-volts of battery power and big, treaded tires takes it two speeds forward (2.5 and 5 mph, max.), and one speed in reverse (2.5 mph), on hard surfaces and grass.Motoring Skills!Driving a &ldquo;real&rdquo; vehicle, maybe even just like the one you drive, gives kids a feeling of independence, accomplishment and self-confidence&mdash;all of which are important to healthy social and emotional development. Learning to go forward and backward, change speeds, steer, stop and go is good for them, too. Physical motion aids in the development of motor skills, balance and body awareness, and built-in role play features fuel endless imagination (and of course, it&rsquo;s just plain fun and exciting).Safety, Durability, and Quality&hellip;Every Power Wheels vehicle is built Fisher-Price tough, with innovative play and performance features you won&rsquo;t find in other ride-ons. And only Power Wheels vehicles come with a comprehensive One Year Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty backed by 300 service centers throughout the country.  Before they&rsquo;re produced, Power Wheels vehicles are put to the test on our own in-house Quality Assurance Test Track to ensure quality performance, mile after mile. They're put to the test by kids, too, in the Fisher-Price onsite Play Lab and through the Fisher-Price in-home test program, to make sure they&rsquo;re age-appropriate, easy to operate, and of course, fun to drive.What's In The Box?Jeep Wrangler Rubicon, Power Wheels rechargeable 12-volt vehicle battery, Power Wheels12-volt charger, and Owner&rsquo;s Manual.Hold on tight with easy to grab side bars! ; 