Title: UNO MOO Preschool Game ; Description: The farm animals have come out of their barn to play UNO!  An exciting new game for preschoolers, UNO Moo! offers a stress-free, fun way for children to gain confidence in their matching skills.  Parents will appreciate the Play-and-Store barn accessory, which makes clean-up quick and easy.  Remember to shout the magic words when only one animal in a player&rsquo;s stable remains&hellip;.UNO Mooooooo!  Fast fun for everyone.Families love playing Uno Moo!Easy to pack up and take to Grandma's for fun on the go!Laugh and Learn!Searching for a game where learning and laughter go hand-in-hand?  On a basic level, UNO Moo! allows children to practice their colors and matching skills.  But players also may find themselves with some &ldquo;wild&rdquo; pieces like the Skunk or the Farmer, which adds a bit of strategy and excitement to the game as well.  Victory could be just one turn away, but a player better be prepared to say &ldquo;Uno Moooooo&rdquo; or else the game continues.  Who can win?  Anybody.  Who will laugh?  Everybody.How to PlayThe game begins when a child draws five animal pieces from the barn storage unit and hides them behind his or her individual haystack, out of view from the rest of the players.  The first animal piece will be played, by placing it on the top of the barn, resting on the barn door.  The next player will compare the animals in his or her haystack with the animal at the barn door.  If the animal is a BLUE COW, the player could tip the cow back through the barn door and replace it will any BLUE animal or any color COW.  The game continues until a player has successfully played all the animals behind his or her haystack.Gotcha!True to the spirit of the original UNO! card game, Uno Moo! has a few &ldquo;wild&rdquo; pieces and the shouting &ldquo;Uno!&rdquo; requirement.  Players who play a SKUNK piece force the next player to add two more animal pieces from the barn to his or her haystack.  Players can play a FARMER card at any time.  Finally, when a player has only one animal remaining behind his or her haystack, he or she must shout &ldquo;UNO Moo!&rdquo;  If he or she is caught by another player with one animal before saying this phrase, he or she must add two more animals from the barn to his or her haystack.What's In The Box?Includes 1 Play-and-Store Barn, 28 Animal and Farmer pieces, 4 Haystack partitions and Instructions.Round up the matching colors or animals, the first player to get all of their figures back in the barn wins! ; 