Title: Fur Real Friends Biscuit My Lovin Pup ; Description: Get ready to welcome a fun-loving furry friend into your house when you adopt Biscuit My Lovin Pup, one of the FurReal Friends by Hasbro. This oversized puppy responds to affectionate touches, voice commands, and motion with playful barks and realistic movements. Kids aged five and up are sure to love having a puppy of their very own..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Biscuit uses sensors to respond to your child's voice and touch.View larger.With his large size and soft fur, Biscuit is an instant favorite.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Soft, life-like plush pup responds to voice commandsThe Bad:Large size makes him tough to carryIn a Nutshell:Biscuit is a fun, lovable addition to the familyAt a GlanceAges:5 and upRequires:6 D batteriesMake a New FriendThis oversized plush puppy has a soft coat and glossy, pleading eyes, just like a real dog. Get ready to start interpreting three different barks and a whole range of movements that are playful and affectionate. With a real collar, a bone-shaped treat to share, and a brush for smoothing out his silky fur, Biscuit is ready to settle into your house. He'll quickly start wagging his tail and making happy puppy noises. An adoption certificate is included to make kids feel like real pet owners.Before Biscuit is ready for a fun day with your child, an adult will need to use a Philips head screwdriver to install six "D" cell batteries (not included). The battery compartment is neatly hidden behind a Velcro closure on the pup's stomach.Getting to Know Your PuppyNine sensors allow Biscuit to respond when you pet him or issue a voice command. Kids will enjoy the contented sounds he makes when they pet his back and the discovery that if they hold a hand on his back he will lay down, if he is sitting, or sit up, if he is already laying down. Sensors in his nose and mouth prompt him to sniff when his nose is petted or chomp on his treat. Touch his left paw, and he will raise it to shake. A unique photo sensor in Biscuit's forehead prompts him to flinch, blink, or sneeze when you wave something in front of him.Take a peek at the back of the bone-shaped tag on his collar to see all the commands he knows. You can ask him to "sit," "lie down," or "speak." He even knows how to shake and will nod or move his paws in excitement when you ask, "Do you want a treat?" Like any voice recognition technology, Biscuit can be tricked by background noise or speech that is unclear. You may want to help younger children practice speaking the commands loudly, clearly, and distinctly, so they are not disappointed by his confusion.Playing OptionsBased on how much attention you are paying to him, Biscuit cycles through different modes. After a few moments of non-activation, Biscuit enters hangout mode. In this mode, he will move his head a little, whine, or bark to grab your attention. After a few minutes in hangout mode, he'll lay down and go to sleep. Thanks to his photo sensor, he will go to sleep faster in a darkened room. If the lights suddenly come on when he's been asleep in a dark room, he'll lift his head and make a mumbling noise.While the noises he makes when moving betray his mechanical nature, this playful pup has an incredibly realistic look that is sure to have kids grooming him, offering him snacks, and engaging in imaginative play. With so many life-like responses and an irresistible puppy face, Biscuit really lived up to our expectations. His large size coupled with the weight of six "D" batteries could make it tricky for children to carry him around or travel with him, which means that when you head off on family adventures, he'll probably have to stay home, the same way a real dog often does.What's in the BoxPlush pup, collar, tag, plastic brush, plastic bone, and adoption certificate. ; 