Title: The Learning Journey Jumbo the Jet Shape Sorter Remote Control Airplane ; Description: Fasten your seatbelt and let&rsquo;s learn about colors and shapes! The Learning Journey's Shape Sorter Remote Control Airplane is an interactive plane that will fly your child through learning their colors and shapes. There are two play modes: learn the colors and shapes, and find it. Play by simply inserting the plastic shapes into their slots. Your child can also be the pilot and bring the plane to life with the infrared remote control. Requires 5 AA batteries. Ages 18 months and up.Jumbo is a great toy for helping children learn fine motor skills and the names of different shapes.All kids will love this remote control plane!Positive Feedback"I love this plane. We got this at Christmas for my 2 year old. He loves it. It's easy to use. I love that the nose of the plane opens and all the pieces fit inside (a mother HAD to have come up with that!). It has an automatic shut off to save batteries in case it's left on. We haven't replaced the batteries once yet. It plays cute, but soft and not annoying music. It wiggles back and forth and goes slowly enough so that a 2 year old can enjoy it. When you back it up, it turns in a circle. It's just wonderful. It seems durable, too. I would absolutely recommend it." - ParentEducational BenefitsJumbo The Jet Plane will help your child build the skills they need to get ready for school. With four colored shape pieces, this shape sorter airplane will introduce your child to basic colors and shapes. By placing the colored shapes into the correct slots, your little one will develop tactile, small motor and problem solving skills. Every child will love the remote control features that will teach action and reaction and enhance their hand/eye coordination. With just two simple buttons - one forward and one back, this fun plane is designed for kids from two years old, Jumbo the Jet will provide hours of learning fun!AwardsNot only is Jumbo loved by kids around the world, it has also been awarded a 2008 Seal of Excellence by Creative Child Magazine.  Creative Child Magazine's Awards Program is unique in that all products submitted are reviewed by moms, music educators and early education professionals.What's In The Box?Jumbo the Jet electronic toy with four color shapes for sorting, two button remote control, blinking lights and fun sound effects, four sing-along melodies, two play modes, auto shut-off feature, easy carrying handle, and convenient storage compartmentAward Winning Jumbo the Jet! ; 