Title: Fisher-Price Elmo's Restaurant ; Description: Kids will love hearing sound effects voiced by their favorite Sesame Street characters with this Elmo's Restaurant set from Fisher-Price. With a variety of plastic utensils and food items included, kids aged 18 months and up can enjoy pretending to cook alongside Elmo and his visiting friends at this fun-filled restaurant..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }The two-sided kitchen offers lots of opportunities for interaction.View larger.Keep play money in the cash register's working drawer.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Interactive restaurant counter with lots of accessoriesThe Bad:Sound effects could grow tiresomeIn a Nutshell:Fun features inspire hours of imaginative playAt a GlanceAges:18 months to 4 yearsRequires:3 AA batteriesOpen for BusinessBefore kids start helping Elmo run this restaurant, a parent will need to snap the legs and arch onto the main unit and check the batteries. The pieces fit together easily and securely. Since these parts make use of one-time snaps, the unit cannot be broken down once it is assembled. Batteries for demonstration purposes are included, but these may need to be replaced with three new AA batteries, which requires use of a Philips head screwdriver.Once this is done, simply make sure the switch, located inside the oven, is in the "on" position and watch as children explore the restaurant and delight in prerecorded messages from their Sesame Street friends.Detailed, Interactive ConstructionWith the idea of a restaurant as their starting point, kids will quickly begin role playing and inviting their friends to enjoy a piece of pizza pie or a bunch of broccoli--once they've paid with some Duck Bills or Trash Cash, of course.Kids will love the surprise of discovering what makes their favorite characters speak. They'll hear an effect right away when play begins with taking the spatula from Elmo or picking up the menu from its resting place in Grover's hand. Opening and closing the oven prompts the hungry Cookie Monster to speak, and knobs picturing Bert and Ernie let kids know whether they are cranking up the heat or turning it down. The smart stove makes a sizzling noise when the frying pan is set on its burner. There's even a bell to ring that inspires a yell of "order's up," just like in a real kitchen. The cash register offers a drawer for stashing bills, and it includes a working microphone so that kids can hear themselves talk with the same speaker that plays all the restaurant's fun sound effects.Room for Imaginative Play to FlourishWith a side for cooking and a side for serving, this set is perfect for inspiring cooperative play between friends and siblings, or keeping a single child with an active imagination engaged for hours. Since the restaurant only comes with one set of utensils, kids will need to get creative if there are lots of diners.Parents will love the way all the accessories that come with this set can be neatly stored inside the oven and refrigerator. Of course, getting kids to remember to clean-up may be tough when they're having so much fun. Coming from Fisher-Price, a brand know for fun, durable toys that inspire learning, Elmo's kitchen is well-suited for the demands of active play. Parents will love the sturdy construction and the way accessories can be neatly stored inside the oven and refrigerator.What's in the BoxMain unit, arch, and two legs. Plastic play fork, spoon, plate, cup, spatula, frying pan, menu, egg, milk carton, cookie, bunch of broccoli, slice of pizza, peanut butter and jelly sandwich, bun, hamburger patty, and 12 bills of colored paper money. ; 