Title: Little Mommy Gotta Go Doll ; Description: Young children love to play at being "grown-up" -- in fact, it's a crucial part of their development. With the Fisher-Price Little Mommy Gotta Go Doll, their role playing is taken to a whole new level. Designed for girls ages three and up, the Gotta Go Doll moves, talks, asks for help -- and comes with her own "bathroom," where your child can play "mommy" by helping her use the toilet, brush her teeth, and more..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }Brush her teeth to hear realistic sounds.View larger.Enjoy imaginative play without real water or a real mess.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Potty-training doll uses her own potty with no real water and no mess.The Bad:Some of the doll's phrases are not always easy to understand.In a Nutshell:Doll with realistic sounds and interactive phrases make exciting role-playing fun for little girls.At a GlanceAges:8 and olderRequires:6 AAA BatteriesInteractive Doll Makes Roll-Playing More FunThe adorable toddler doll comes dressed in a cute T-shirt and a pair of "big girl" panties. She has positionable arms and legs, bright friendly eyes, and curly pigtails and bangs that can be combed with the included brush. The doll comes with her own bathroom accessories: a toilet, sink, and two bathroom shelves that hold the included toothbrush, toothpaste tube, hairbrush, cup, soap dispenser, and towel.The doll can be extracted relatively easily from the box, but it takes an adult with wire cutters or a pair of tough scissors to do it. Once she and her bathroom accessories are out, you'll need to install fresh batteries: the doll takes 3 AA batteries, as does the bathroom unit.Press the button on her tummy to get the doll started. She will turn her head from side to side, move her arms up and down, and begin "talking." She has a set of randomized phrases, including, "I'm a big girl!" "Hi, Mommy!" and "Mommy, I love you." And she'll ask your child for help. For example, she'll ask for a drink of water, and when you hold the cup to her mouth, and she'll make drinking sounds. Likewise, she'll say "Time to brush my teeth!" If you "brush" her teeth with her toothbrush, she will make realistic tooth-brushing and gargling sounds.Using the PottyThe Gotta Go Doll's central feature, of course, is using the potty. Sit the doll on the toilet, and it will sound like she is "going" in the toilet -- and she will talk about the process, too, humming a tune before she "goes," and saying "I really have to go!" or singing "Pee pee in the potty!" and other phrases that will be funny and delightful to a young child.In the meantime, when the doll is positioned on the toilet, the "water" in the toilet disappears, with the expected "potty waste" appearing in its place. Your child can then flush the toilet. The "water" will reappear, while the toilet makes a very realistic flushing sound. Wash the doll's hands at the sink -- turn the right faucet to hear realistic running-water sounds.Once the fun is finished, your child can simply lay the doll on her back. She'll yawn, say she is "sleepy," and the doll will enter a sleep mode. Move the doll to "wake" her up. She makes a yawning sound and is ready for play again.Realistic Play with No Mess!The realistic sounds and randomized, interactive phrases from the doll make a delightful stimulation for role playing. And we personally were relieved to find that, unlike other "pee pee" dolls, this one doesn't require real water -- and real mess -- to provide realistic, interactive fun.However, we did find it a little bit difficult to understand some of the doll's phrases -- it took a couple of listens to figure out what she was saying. And our particular doll, unfortunately, makes a tooth-brushing sound immediately after her water-drinking sound, whether you're brushing her teeth or not. But these two minor inconveniences won't detract from a child's enjoyment in taking good care of this little doll.What's in the BoxLittle Mommy Gotta Go Doll; bathroom with toilet, sink and 2 shelves; toy toothbrush, toothpaste, cup, hairbrush, soap dispenser, and towel ; 