Title: ALEX&reg; Toys - Early Learning Ready, Set, School -Little Hands 1454 ; Description: The ALEX Little Hands Ready, Set, School! kit is a great way to prepare pre-schoolers for their very first day of school.  Children  get a kick start on learning the basics: ABC&rsquo;s, 123&rsquo;s, colors, shapes, writing, cutting and learning to tie their shoelaces.  It&rsquo;s a hefty kit that includes everything you need to get ready for school.Learn to one, two, tie your shoe!Easy projects to cut, paste and color.Fun & LearningFun and learning go hand to hand with the Ready, Set, School! kit.  The kit includes a wide variety of activities. 15 fun worksheets will have your child coloring, placing stickers, tracing shapes and performing simple cutting activities. Kids can doodle on coloring sheets and fill in missing parts of silly illustrations.  They will learn their shapes by placing the correct sticker in the appropriate outlined area to complete pictures.  Children will have their basics covered while having fun.Using Your Brains & MusclesThe ALEX Little Hands line encourages a child&rsquo;s development.  The Ready, Set, School kit covers a wide range of activities to help get your child started.  Children will learn important hand-eye coordination by using stencils to trace and outline shapes.   The wipe away activity books will help kids with fine motor skills.  Practice writing ABC&rsquo;s and 123&rsquo;s over and over again by using the included wipe away marker and wiping the pages clean with a damp cloth.Designed Especially for Little Hands!The Ready, Set, School! kit includes great tools to help little ones get started for school.  The special spring loaded safety scissors will make it easy to learn to cut along the dotted lines of worksheets.  Once they&rsquo;ve mastered the scissors, the yellow spring can be flipped over for regular use.  Triangular shaped crayons fit onto fingertips to make coloring fun and won&rsquo;t roll off the table.  Kids can learn to lace up laces and tie shoes with the shoe tying kit.  The water based wipe away marker is non-toxic and safe to use over and over again on the four wipe away activity books.What's In The Box?ABC wipe away book, 123 wipe away book, Colors & Shapes wipe away book, ABC & 123 dot-to-dot activity wipe away book, blue wipe away marker, 8 stackable finger crayons, safety scissors, 2 stencils, 15 activity work sheets, 75 stickers, shoe tying activity with shoelace, easy step by step illustrated instructions all packaged in corrugated box with handle for easy transport.Learn to write your letters, numbers and shapes with 4 wipe away activity books. ; 