Title: Caring Corners - Mrs. Goodbee Interactive Dollhouse ; Description: The colorful Mrs. Goodbee Talking Dollhouse from Caring Corners is sure to inspire lots of imaginative and cooperative play. Little girls will love the fun songs and sound effects, as well as the online good deeds garden they can gain access to. Small parts make this dollhouse inappropriate for children under three..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1. 3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; }The dollhouse has a fold-out design that features a total of 12 rooms.View larger.Sound effects make the dollhouse interactive and engaging for children.View larger.What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Bright colors, fun songs, and lots of rooms to play inThe Bad:Plastic construction; not many accessories includedIn a Nutshell:This dollhouse will inspire lots of imaginative playAt a GlanceAges:3 to 6 yearsRequires:3 AA batteries (included)Meet Mrs. GoodbeeWith only a few plastic parts to snap in place, and with the three AA batteries already installed, the Mrs. Goodbee Talking Dollhouse is ready to go moments after it comes out of the box. Depending on how old your child is, you may need to apply the decorative decals yourself. There's 66 of them, including family photos for the walls, a shopping list to hang on the fridge, and dishes for inside the dishwasher.When your little girl is ready to play, she simply turns the unit on and rings the doorbell, which will cause the dollhouse to come to life. Mrs. Goodbee's eyes snap open, her lips light up, and she sings a welcoming song. As your child plays, eight audio activation points throughout the house keep the experience interactive. In the bathroom, Mrs. Goodbee offers comments like, "Flush, wash, wonderful! Good job." When the fridge is opened, she may say "Brrrrrrrr" in response to the rush of cold air.Explore the Good Deeds Garden OnlineThere's another whole world waiting online at www.caringcorners.com, where little girls can use the secret code that comes with their dollhouse to unlock the good deeds garden. The dollhouse offers children several games and tasks to choose from. Children can try their hand at feeding hungry fish or picking out the differences between two similar pictures.This feature is not simply designed with fun in mind; it's also designed to promote responsibility. Every time a child does a real-world good deed, she can take a sticker from the Parent Guide and use it to decorate the back of the dollhouse. Secret codes that unlock additional games are hidden under the stickers, making this a fun and engaging process, and one that encourages positive social behaviors.Fun Details and Additional FriendsEven beyond the great sound effects, the Mrs. Goodbee house is full of thoughtful details that keep playtime interesting. Windows in the bedroom move up and down to reveal different scenes for daytime and nighttime. A lever by the oven reveals muffins, a pie, or a turkey cooking. With its unique fold-out design and six rooms on each side, there's plenty of room for multiple children to play at the same time. And when it's time to clean up, simply fold the house up with your child's dolls inside to save space.With all the use this dollhouse is sure to get, we are concerned that its construction may not hold up over time. The hinges and platforms seem sturdy, but they are made out of fairly thin plastic. Additionally, there aren't a lot of accessories that come with the dollhouse. This may not be an issue if your child already has dolls that will fit in this dollhouse, or if you invest in one or more of the fun accessory packs, such asTable Manners,A Book at Bedtime, or thePet Playground.What's in the BoxInteractive dollhouse, chimney, window, steps, swing, chair, dog, baby, girl, card key, three AA batteries, and three sheets of label stickers. ; 