Title: Playskool Kota My Triceratops Dinosaur ; Description: An awesome, prehistoric friend, KOTA The Triceratops Dinosaur from Playskool is ready to accompany your imaginative child on all kinds of adventures. With lots of sound effects, including music, munching, stomping, and roaring, this baby dinosaur is a realistic creation. He even moves his head and tail and blinks his eyes. KOTA is built so that curious kids three and older and up to 60 pounds can enjoy a bouncing ride..caption { font-family: Verdana, Helvetica neue, Arial, serif; font-size: 10px; font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; } ul.indent { list-style: inside disc; text-indent: -15px; } table.callout { font-family: verdana; font-size: 11px; line-height: 1.3em; } td.think { height: 125px; background: #9DC4D8 url(http://images.amazon.com/images/G/01/electronics/detail-page/callout-bg.png) repeat-x; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; border-bottom: 1px dotted #000000; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } td.glance { height: 100%; background: #9DC4D8; border-left: 1px solid #999999; border-right: 1px solid #999999; padding-top: 10px; padding-left: 20px; padding-right: 20px; padding-bottom: 10px; width: 250px; } img.withlink {border:1px black solid;}What We ThinkFun Factor:Durability:(what this means)The Good:Big, blinking, roaring, tail-flipping, leaf-munching TriceratopsThe Bad:Large size can be awkward to storeIn a Nutshell:This unbelievably cool, prehistoric friend is ready to take your child for a rideAt a GlanceAges:3 and up; up to 60 poundsRequires:6 D batteriesKOTA can support children up to 60 pounds.View larger.KOTA will munch on food you put in his mouth.View larger.Make Friends With Your New Pet: A Baby DinosaurBefore you child goes for his or her first ride, an adult will need to prep KOTA. The included instruction booklet makes it easy to snap his tail in place and secure his furry coat over it. There's also an excellent illustration of how to use a Philips head screwdriver to insert six "D" cell batteries (not included) in KOTA's belly to provide power.Once the batteries are in, just flip KOTA's power switch to "Play" or "Music" mode and start having fun. In music mode, bouncing on the dinosaurs back inspires four different dino adventure theme songs. In play mode, 10 different sensors help this triceratops respond to your child's actions.When you touch KOTA's nose with your hand, he will "sniff" it. Tickling his belly or chin makes him "laugh," and when you feed him by putting an object in his mouth, he responds by munching on it. There's also touch sensors in his three horns, on his tail, and on his two sides. A sound sensor in KOTA's forehead helps him know when your child is "roaring" a dino greeting, and a weight sensor in his back ensures that he knows when there's a rider to entertain.Realistic Design with Soft, Kid-Friendly FeaturesWe really appreciated the way this green and brown Triceratops looks scaly and realistic from far away, despite the fact that his hide is soft, furry, and kid-friendly. And his wide, blinking eyes combined with the way he wiggles his horns and tosses his head make it seem like he has a personality all his own.Whether kids play with their pet dino alone or invite friends over and take turns exploring the jungles, marshes, and deserts of the prehistoric world, there's lots of possibilities for make-believe fun that can be inspired by bouncing on the spring seat in this dino's back. A hidden handle on the back of his neck helps kids hold on, so they can bounce without slipping off. For a brief instant, we were disappointed that KOTA bounced in place instead of actually walking, but then we realized that this is one of the design factors that makes him so stable, safe, and durable.Overall, KOTA is a fun, unique, animatronic playmate that your child won't quickly forget. At more than three-feet long and just over two-and-a-half-feet tall, KOTA is big. Also, even though it includes an handle for your child to hold on to, slips and spills are a possibility. It's likely that you'll need to watch smaller children with an especially close eye when they are first adjusting to what it feels like to ride on a dinosaur.And while KOTA's large size is what makes him so much fun, it can also make him tricky to pick up and move around. He's one toy that your child will have to keep at home. And for parents, once you've heard the dino theme songs several times, you'll appreciate the convenient volume control. The power-saving "sleep" mode that goes into effect when it has been 60-90 seconds since your dinosaur's last human interaction will also be a big winner with parents.What's in the BoxTriceratops, tail, leafy snack, and instruction manual. ; 