Title: Barbie Glam Vacation House ; Description: Get ready for the ultimate glam-tastic time at the Barbie Glam Vacation House! With two stories and six possible areas of play, vacation need never end! When girls are done playing, the house folds up into a convenient case for easy storage and portability. Girls can arrange and rearrange the house, furniture, Clip n&rsquo; Flip accessories, and piece count for endless fun. For ages 3 and up.Two stories and six possible play areas &ndash; the vacation will never end!The Living Room in the Glam Vacation HouseSix Play Areas; One Vacation ThemeEach play area has pieces that can mix and match with others. The first floor features a living room area where Barbie and her friends can relax on the sofa in front of the coffee table. The Clip n&rsquo; Flip flat-screen TV can easily be moved around the house for movie fun anywhere. The kitchen features include, a refrigerator, blender, glasses, plates, snacks and, a fun Clip n&rsquo; Flip breakfast bar. The bathroom comes with a toilet and shower, so Barbie and her friends can get ready for a day of play or wash the vacation fun away. The detachable staircase leads to the second floor, which girls can turn into a bedroom or an outdoor patio. The bedroom features include, a beautiful purple bed and glamorous Clip n&rsquo; Flip chandelier and TV. Lastly, on the outdoor patio take the fun Clip n&rsquo; Flip breakfast bar and turn it into a cool summer tiki bar.Multiple Play OpportunitiesWith so many options, every vacation in this house is sure to be glam-tastic! Girls can play out a number of story lines with Barbie, her friends, sisters, and Ken. The possibilities are endless! For example, Barbie can visit Hawaii with her sisters one day, while she can go to the Bahamas with her friends the next. Girls can arrange and rearrange the furniture to create different play opportunities in different areas. Barbie can watch TV in the living room or the bedroom. The bedroom can also transform into an outdoor patio with the addition of the breakfast bar. Plus, the easy portability makes it great for moms and girls on the go. Suitable for children ages 3 and older.More Furniture, More FunThe fully furnished living room includes sofa, coffee table, TV, and snacks. Additional snacks are located in the kitchen &ndash; which also includes a refrigerator, breakfast bar, blender, and two chairs.  The bathroom features a shower and toilet. A detachable staircase leads to the second floor bedroom which includes a bed and chandelier.What's In The Box?Glam Vacation House includes Sofa, Bed, 2 Chairs, Coffee table, Breakfast / Tiki bar, Flat Screen TV, Blender, and many more vacation themed accessories. Also comes with, Label Sheet and fully detailed Instruction sheet. ; 