Title: Fisher-Price Imaginext Robot Police Headquarters ; Description: Imagine&hellip;a world of action and excitement where you decide what happens next. This time, it&rsquo;s a world of Robot Police specially designed to guard on land, air and sea. Robot Police keep the peace with futuristic tanks, jet packs and more. Whatever world you travel to, it&rsquo;s a whole new adventure every time you play! For kids ages 3-8 years.Ready to unlock an imaginative adventure at the Robot Police Headquarters!Turn the disk and transform your play!Inspiring Imaginative PlayWhen Robot Police are on patrol, everyone is safe &mdash; or are they? Now imagine you&rsquo;re in that world and you get to decide what happens next...  Good guys or bad guys, what side are you on? As characters in your child&rsquo;s adventures, Imaginext figures can do anything your child can imagine&mdash;even transform Headquarters into a giant robot just by turning a figure on a disk.  Or turn another figure and launch the exoskeleton robot that is included.  There is no end to the stories your child can create with this Imaginext play set!Turn on the Adventure!If you&rsquo;re one of the good guys, Robot Police Headquarters is the perfect base for kids to fight evil forces, with a landing pad, jail, elevator, lights, sounds and more. Turn the figure on a disk to transform HQ into a giant robot&mdash;complete with flashing lights & cool sounds! (Press down head & fold arms in to reset.) Turn a figure on another disk to launch a smaller robot. Open or close the cockpit for more lights and sounds, send figures up & down the elevator, snap on different tools for land, sea & air defense. And get ready to fire at the enemy!Develops Confidence, Exploration, and Imagination!Imaginative play with Imaginext which can help build self-confidence and an eagerness to explore. Creating new adventures in new worlds also helps expand the boundaries of his imagination&mdash;which is the best adventure of all! No other play set offers opportunities for creative play like Imaginext. Surprise activations, lights, sounds - kids can make it all happen themselves! Or, Imaginext figures can make the action happen! Kids can take it right out of the box and start their own adventures without having to build anything. So it's simpler and easier to use than other play sets, which means kids can get right to the play - right away!What's In The Box?1 Robot Police HQ that transforms into a giant robot, 2 figures, 1 exoskeleton, 8 police accessories, and 2 AA (R6) alkaline batteries.A quick push of the button and the Robot Police will fire away! ; 