Title: ALEX&reg; Toys - Color a Bag &amp; Accessories! Color A Fashion Bag 509G ; Description: The ALEX&reg; Color a Fashion Messenger Bag makes a super girly fashion statement.  Color in the lipsticks, perfume bottles, and purses on the bag and marker pouch with 6 provided permanent markers in bright fashion colors.  It's a great activity for rainy days or car trips.  Take your finished creation with you to school, your friend's house, or all around town!Just color in the preprinted messenger bag.6 brightly colored permanent markers.It's All in the Bag!This roomy messenger bag is the ideal size for storing notebooks and binders, or to take to a sleepover.  With artwork on the side pocket, large bag flap, and marker pouch, your child will be coloring and designing for hours.  The ink in the markers is permanent and won't run or rub off, even in the rain!   Once your child has colored in all the lollipops, cupcakes, and jelly beans, she'll be carrying her bag everywhere!Plan Your Design and Start Coloring!ALEX&reg; has a special Design Online feature on their website for all of their Color a Bags.  This means that your child can plan her designs and try out different looks before she begins coloring.  The artwork is bold and fashionable, with girly bows, curlicues, and accessories.  Your child will have a wonderful time coloring in the lines and totally customizing her bag.  She really can't go wrong with whatever color combination she chooses to use!Great Look, Super FunctionalThe Color a Fashion Bag appeals to many girls, from the crafty and hands-on to the fashion-savvy.  The activity of choosing colors and planning the overall look helps refine your child's sense of color balance and composition.  Knowing that she will be carrying the bag around will encourage her to take pride in her work.What's In The Box?This large messenger bag measures 14"W x 11 H x 4"D.  It has a side pocket, adjustable shoulder strap, marker pouch with 6 permanent markers, and an easy-fasten buckle closure for the top flap.Color in, personalize and use for school! ; 