Title: Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Jeep Wrangler ; Description: Now kids can adventure with Dora, Map and Backpack in their very own Power Wheels Jeep Wrangler! Removable Map and Backpack open, and they both securely attach to the vehicle for take-along play.  The Dora the Explorer Jeep Wrangler is a two seat jeep so more than one child can get in on the action!  Ages 3 years and up, Weight Limit: 130 lbs.Pick up your best friend and go on an adventure in the Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Jeep Wrangler!Removable backpack really open!Miles of Smiles!Built Fisher-Price tough, with strong tires to get over difficult terrain, real doors that open and close, pretend seatbelts for role-play fun and a roomy rear storage compartment&mdash;just pack it up and go! Driver-friendly features include a high speed lock-out for beginners and Power Lock Brakes, with plenty of interior space.  12-volts of battery power takes it two speeds forward (2.5 and 5 mph, max.), and one speed in reverse (2.5 mph), on hard surfaces and grass.Motoring Skills!Driving a &ldquo;real&rdquo; vehicle, maybe even just like the one you drive, gives kids a feeling of independence, accomplishment and self-confidence&mdash;all of which are important to healthy social and emotional development.  Learning to go forward and backward, change speeds, steer, stop and go is good for them, too.  Physical motion aids in the development of motor skills, balance and body awareness, and built-in role play features fuel endless imagination (and of course, it&rsquo;s just plain fun and exciting).Safety, Durability, and Quality&hellip;Every Power Wheels vehicle is built Fisher-Price tough, with innovative play and performance features you won&rsquo;t find in other ride-ons.  Power Wheels vehicles come with a comprehensive One Year Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty backed by 300 service centers throughout the country.  Before they&rsquo;re produced, Power Wheels vehicles are put to the test on our own in-house Quality Assurance Test Track to ensure quality performance, mile after mile. They're put to the test by kids, too, in the Fisher-Price onsite Play Lab and through the Fisher-Price in-home test program, to make sure they&rsquo;re age-appropriate, easy to operate, and of course, fun to drive.What's In The Box?Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Jeep Wrangler, Power Wheels rechargeable 12-volt vehicle battery, Power Wheels 12-volt charger, and Owner&rsquo;s Manual.Fisher-Price tough with strong tires that can get over any terrain! ; 