Title: POOF-Slinky 0G4200256 Ideal Fuzzoodles Crazy Critters Plush Construction Kit ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0G4200256 Ideal Fuzzoodles Crazy Critters Plush Construction Kit contain fun furry creature pieces that you can bend and twist over and over again to make all kinds of wacky critters on pens, door knobs, bracelets, finger puppets, headphones and more. There&#x2019;s no wrong way to Fuzzoodle! This unique craft toy combines colorful, bendable noodles with the soft tactile feel of real plush that fosters imagination, creativity and fine motor skills. The Crazy Critters Kit includes different wacky eyes, mouths, noses, hands and feet accessories so you can keep changing the looks of your creations. Children love to build an endless cast of adorable and fluffy critter characters that are fun to create, collect and play with. Fuzzoodles can be bent, balled up and twisted into many fun shapes-over and over again. Fuzzoodles don't require glue, tape or cutting, which provides a mess-free outlet for creative expression that entertains children for hours. These creatures are ready to play with out of the box and each set includes an idea book full of tips and suggestions. Boys and girls have fun experimenting, coiling and bending Fuzzoodles into whatever shapes they're inspired to make. This set includes (6) 18-inch long Fuzzoodles, (4) 9-inch short Fuzzoodles, (10) Fuzzoodle crazy critter accessories and a really cool idea book. Check out the other kits for more fun Fuzzoodle colors and parts. The POOF-Slinky 0G4200256 Ideal Fuzzoodles Crazy Critters Plush Construction Kit is recommended for children 5-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. ; 