Title: Power Wheels Thomas the Train Thomas the Tank Engine ; Description: Hop on and hit the trail with the Power Wheels Thomas the Train!  Realistic details add to real driving fun for your toddler.  Toddler-friendly features perfect for the littlest riders includes a large push-button on the handlebar for simple stop-and-go operation and built-in footrests.  6-volts of battery power are strong enough for real driving fun!  All kids have to do is push the button and go!  Ages 1-3 years old, weight limit is 40 lbs.The perfect first ride-on for your toddler!High seat back offers support and stability.Miles of Smiles!Built Fisher-Price tough with strong tires, a sturdy base, a contoured high-back seat, and fun Thomas the Train styling details!  Power Wheels Thomas the Train engine is low enough for toddlers to easily get on and off by themselves.  High-back seat supports and makes it comfortable for toddlers to ride all around.  The Thomas the Train Power Wheels vehicle is a real driving machine that drives 2 mph (Max.) forward and features tires that perform on both hard surfaces and grass.  Perfect for outdoor play!Motoring Skills!Power Wheels Thomas the Train allows kids to drive a &ldquo;real&rdquo; train style vehicle!  This fun &ldquo;grown-up&rdquo; experience gives kids a feeling of independence, accomplishment and self-confidence&mdash;all of which are important to healthy social and emotional development.  Learning to go forward, steer, stop and go is good for them, too.  Physical motion aids in the development of motor skills, balance and body awareness, and built-in role play features fuel endless imagination (and of course, it&rsquo;s just plain fun and exciting).Safety, Durability, and Quality&hellip;Every Power Wheels vehicle is built Fisher-Price tough, with innovative play and performance features you won&rsquo;t find in other ride-ons.  Power Wheels vehicles come with a comprehensive One Year Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty backed by 300 service centers throughout the country.  Before they&rsquo;re produced, Power Wheels vehicles are put to the test on our own in-house Quality Assurance Test Track to ensure quality performance, mile after mile. They're put to the test by kids, too, in the Fisher-Price onsite Play Lab and through the Fisher-Price in-home test program, to make sure they&rsquo;re age-appropriate, easy to operate, and of course, fun to drive.What's In The Box?Power Wheels Thomas the Train, Power Wheels rechargeable 6-volt vehicle battery, Power Wheels 6-volt charger, and Owner&rsquo;s Manual.Fun Thomas the Train details and styling! ; 