Title: Fisher-Price Imaginext Disney/Pixar Toy Story 3 - Tri-County Landfill ; Description: Now boys can play out fun Disney/Pixar Toy Story 3 adventures with the Tri-County Landfill!  The Tri-County Landfill is the place where Buzz ends up in terrible danger and has to escape with a little help from his friends.  Get ready for fun and entertainment with this action-packed Toy Story 3 playset.  For boys ages 3-8 years old.Turn figures on the playset disks to activate special features.Use the crane arm to pick up your favorite characters!Three Levels of Play&hellip;The Toy Story 3 Tri-County Landfill playset is an easy way to bring Toy Story 3 to life right in your own home!  The playset has three levels of play featuring a giant scoop that dumps the figures into the sorter where they are then spit out onto conveyer belts that drop the figures from one level to the next. Lurking at the bottom of the playset is the incinerator - oh no! Quick use the crane arm to grab your favorite characters and whisk them away to safety.Develops Confidence, Exploration, and Imagination!Imaginative play with Imaginext can help build self-confidence and an eagerness to explore.  Creating new adventures in new worlds also helps expand the boundaries of imagination&mdash;which is the best adventure of all!  No other playset offers opportunities for creative play like Imaginext.   Kids can make surprise activations happen themselves or, Imaginext figures can make the action happen!  Kids can take this playset right out of the box and start their own adventures without having to build anything.  It&rsquo;s simpler and easier to use than other playsets, which means kids can get right to the play - right away!New Adventures Everyday!Reenacting Disney/Pixar&rsquo;s Toy Story 3 adventures is only half the fun.  With the Tri-County Landfill playset, boys can use their imagination to create their own adventures and stories.  This engaging Imaginext playset will bring your favorite Toy Story 3 characters to life!What's In The Box?Tri-County Landfill Playset, Buzz Lightyear, Lotso, and three Little Green Aliens.Unlock an imaginative adventure at the Disney/Pixar Toy Story 3 - Tri-County Landfill! ; 