Title: Power Wheels Dora The Explorer Lil' Quad ; Description: Hop on and hit the trail with the Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Lil&rsquo; Quad!  Realistic details add to real driving fun for your toddler.  Toddler-friendly features perfect for the littlest riders includes a large push-button on the handlebar for simple stop-and-go operation and built-in footrests.  6-volts of battery power are strong enough for real driving fun!  All kids have to do is push the button and go!  Ages 1-3 years old, weight limit is 40 lbs.Fun Dora the Explorer details and styling!Strong tires with tread can overcome difficult terrain.Miles of Smiles!Built Fisher-Price tough with strong tires, a sturdy base, a cute cargo rack, and fun Dora the Explorer styling details!  The Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Lil&rsquo; Quad is low enough for toddlers to easily get on and off by themselves.  Cargo rack is situated in the back allowing toddlers to haul their favorite toys around.  The Dora the Explorer Lil&rsquo; Quad is a real driving machine that drives 2 mph (Max.) forward and features tread tires that perform on both hard surfaces and grass, perfect for outdoor play!Motoring Skills!Power Wheels Lil&rsquo; Quad allows kids to drive a &ldquo;real&rdquo; ATV style vehicle!  This fun &ldquo;grown-up&rdquo; experience gives kids a feeling of independence, accomplishment and self-confidence&mdash;all of which are important to healthy social and emotional development.  Learning to go forward, steer, stop and go is good for them, too.  Physical motion aids in the development of motor skills, balance and body awareness, and built-in role play features fuel endless imagination (and of course, it&rsquo;s just plain fun and exciting).Safety, Durability, and Quality&hellip;Every Power Wheels vehicle is built Fisher-Price tough, with innovative play and performance features you won&rsquo;t find in other ride-ons.  Power Wheels vehicles come with a comprehensive One Year Bumper-to-Bumper Limited Warranty backed by 300 service centers throughout the country.  Before they&rsquo;re produced, Power Wheels vehicles are put to the test on our own in-house Quality Assurance Test Track to ensure quality performance, mile after mile. They're put to the test by kids, too, in the Fisher-Price onsite Play Lab and through the Fisher-Price in-home test program, to make sure they&rsquo;re age-appropriate, easy to operate, and of course, fun to drive.What's In The Box?Power Wheels Dora the Explorer Lil' Quad, Power Wheels rechargeable 6-volt vehicle battery, Power Wheels 6-volt charger, and Owner&rsquo;s Manual.Cargo rack lets girls tote around their favorite toys! ; 