Title: ALEX&reg; Toys - Color a Bag &amp; Accessories! Color A Candy Bag -Dylan's Candy Bar 509D ; Description: What child doesn't like candy?  ALEX&reg; has teamed up with Dylan's Candy Bar to bring you a super cute, sweets-themed messenger bag.  Color in the candy shapes on the bag and luggage-tag pouch with 6 bright permanent markers and wear your bag around town!   The ALEX&reg; Color a Candy Bag is sure to satisfy your fashion sweet tooth!Just color in the preprinted messenger bag.6 brightly colored permanent markers.It's All in the Bag!This roomy messenger bag is the ideal size for storing notebooks and binders, or to take to a sleepover.  With artwork on the side pocket, large bag flap, and marker pouch, your child will be coloring and designing for hours.  The ink in the markers is permanent and won't run or rub off, even in the rain!   Once your child has colored in all the lollipops, cupcakes, and jelly beans, she'll be carrying her bag everywhere!Plan Your Design and Start Coloring!ALEX&reg; has a special Design Online feature on their website for all of their Color a Bags.  This means that your child can plan her designs and try out different looks before she begins coloring.  The artwork is bold and fashionable, with gummy bears, ice cream cones, gumdrops, and all sorts of sweet confections.  Your child will have a wonderful time coloring in the lines and totally customizing her bag.  She really can't go wrong with whatever color combination she chooses!Great Look, Super FunctionalThe Color a Candy Bag appeals to many girls, from the crafty and hands-on to the fashion-savvy.  The activity of choosing colors and planning the overall look helps refine your child's sense of color balance and composition.  Knowing that she will be carrying the bag around will encourage her to take pride in her work.What's In The Box?This large messenger bag measures 14"W x 11 H x 4"D.  It has a side pocket, adjustable shoulder strap, luggage tag/ marker pouch with 6 permanent markers, and a easy-fasten buckle closure for the top flap.Color in, personalize and use for school! ; 