Title: Password Journal ; Description: Celebrating more than 10 years on the market as the leading electronic journal for girls, Password Journal is an update of the classic journal with tons of features that tweens will love. Girls can safely store their secrets by choosing two passwords and three levels of security! This stylish electronic journal features a voice-activated lock, hidden compartment, and invisible ink pen!Every girl's secrets are safe with this journal!Girls can write in the journal with the Invisible Ink Pen and magically appear with show and glow light.Two Passwords Plus a Secret CompartmentEvery girl's private thoughts and dreams are safe with this extra-secure journal! Its sleek design features a pretty purple cover that locks automatically when closed and stays locked until the secret password is spoken. You choose the password and set it with your own voice! The same is true for the second password, which allows access to the secret compartment. Just push the button inside the journal, say the second password, and a hidden tray pops from the bottom. It's the perfect spot for storing valuables, mementos, and other things you want to keep super safe.Girls Control the Level of SecurityAfter setting the two passwords, girls can choose from three levels of security, based on the secrets they have hidden inside. The lowest level doesn't require a password. The next level accepts a password that is said softly or less clearly, while the top level requires perfect pronunciation. For the utmost in privacy, girls can write their thoughts with the Invisible Ink Pen, and then watch their words magically appear by using the Show/Glow light.Jam Out While You Journal!There's even more to this journal than meets the eye &#x2014; it also has an MP3 hookup to delight your ears! Simply plug your MP3 player into the audio jack, and you can play some favorite tunes through the built-in speaker and get immersed in your own private world.What's In The Box?Voice-activated journal comes with Invisible Ink Pen, Show/Glow light, and spiral notebook with paper.It's the perfect journal for a cool and connected Girl Tech girl. ; 