Title: Fisher-Price Shake 'n Go! Disney/Pixar Cars 2 - World Grand Prix ; Description: Get ready for some revved-up racing action with your favorite characters from CARS 2 &mdash;Lightning McQueen and Francesco are in this race to win it! Kids aged 3-8 love to shake &lsquo;em up to make their engines rev and hear each character car say favorite movie phrases. Let &lsquo;em go and watch &lsquo;em race!Shake your cars, then place them on the starting line and let the adventure begin!Good sportsmanship and storytelling through imaginative play.Bring The Excitement of Cars 2 The Movie To LifeIt&rsquo;s a head-to-head race of speed and fun, all the way to the finish line, just like in the Disney/Pixar CARS 2 movie!  The World Grand Prix playset combines the thrill of the international speedway with two favorite character cars from the movie: Lightning McQueen and Francesco.  Shake your cars, place them at the starting line, and let the race begin. The more you shake &lsquo;em, the further they go! Cars race up to 20 feet (6 m)! Kids will love watching the head to head racing action as the cars race through the key venues from around the world Tokyo, Italy and London! The track also features the camera from the movie--turn the camera to knock cars off the track! And with two cars included in the World Grand Prix playset, it&rsquo;s just as fun to play by yourself, or host a friendly competition with family and friends.Action-Packed Play With Developmental BenefitsKids love to make things go at this age. Car racing gives them a taste of speed, action, and the thrill of competition while teaching them valuable lessons about cause and effect, and good sportsmanship. With this kind of play, everyone wins! Toys like this "rev up" kids&rsquo; imaginations.  With the World Grand Prix  as a tool, kids can create a pretend world where they control the action. If they&rsquo;ve already seen the movie&mdash;or at least know some of the characters&mdash;they&rsquo;ll get a head start retelling their favorite stories, and then building on these to create their own adventures. Perhaps your race car needs to make a stop at the garage for repairs? Or gets knocked off track by the camera, just like in the movie! This type of play puts them on the fast track to security, imagination, and self-confidence!Taking Fun Even FartherThe opportunities for storytelling and imaginative play are endless when you collect all eight Disney/Pixar CARS 2 Shake &lsquo;N Go character cars.  Choose your favorite characters from the movie, including Finn McMissle, Nigel Gearsley, Mater, Professor Z, Holley Shiftwell, or Jeff Gorvette.What's In The Box?Cars 2 Grand Prix Raceway, 1 Lightning McQueen Shake &lsquo;n Go Vehicle, 1 Francesco Shake &lsquo;n Go Vehicle, and instruction manual. Each car requires 2 AA (LR6) Alkaline batteries, not included. ; 