Title: POOF-Slinky 0C2719BL Ideal Ryan Oakes 75-Trick Collapsible Magic Hat Set with Magic Wand and Secrets of Amazing Magic Tricks 35-Page Booklet ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 0C2719 Ideal 75-Trick Ryan Oakes' Collapsible Magic Hat Set is the ultimate kit for the aspiring magician. Filled with over (75) easy-to-learn tricks and high quality props, this set will teach children to perform the same tricks as professional magicians such as the &#x201C;X-Ray Color Vision Box&#x201D;, &#x201C;Handkerchief Vanisher&#x201D;, &#x201C;Scarves From Empty Hat&#x201D; and many more. The tricks you'll learn in this set are a great introduction to this fun and exciting art form. This set includes a magic wand, props and the &#x201C;Secrets of 75 Magic Tricks&#x201D; step-by-step instruction booklet. Children will wow their audiences and amaze even themselves as they learn all the great secrets of illusion from Ryan Oakes, one of the most accomplished young magicians in North America. Parents and teachers have noted that children who practice the performing art of magic have been able to improve their self-esteem, hand and eye coordination, reading comprehension, public speaking, communication, critical thinking and school grades. Ideal's Magic Hat set includes a collapsible hat, (2) rabbit rings, rabbit token, plastic lollipop, magic wand, coin box, printed card, angel coin, magic cube, cube box, hanky vanisher, (2) magic cards, thumb tip and 35-page instruction booklet. Loved by children and trusted by parents for over 100-years, the Ideal brand provides a wide variety of games, activity kits, magic sets and classic toys that parents and grandparents remember from their own childhood years. The POOF-Slinky 0C2719 Ideal 75-Trick Ryan Oakes' Collapsible Magic Hat Set is recommended for children 8-years of age. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-known brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. ; 