Title: Fisher-Price Hero World DC Super Friends Transforming Batmobile And Batman ; Description: Imagine&hellip;a world of action and excitement where you decide what happens next! This time, it&rsquo;s a trip to Gotham City with super hero Batman and his Transforming Batmobile, the coolest ride ever! Whatever world you travel to, it&rsquo;s a whole new adventure every time you play! For kids ages 3 to 8 years.Create your own adventure with Batman and the Transforming BatmobileLights, sounds, and two bat launchers with bat projectiles help bring the action to life!Inspiring Imaginative Play!Batman is the World&rsquo;s Greatest Detective. Using his brilliant mind, his super computer in the Batcave and an arsenal of weapons he&rsquo;s developed, Batman fights for justice and outwits all of the enemies of Gotham City. His Transforming Batmobile helps him fight crime, and comes equipped with two bat launchers (revealed by pop-open panels), lights, and cool engine sounds.  Get the excitement rolling and create an action-packed world where courageous heroes like Batman are ready to fight evil forces and save the day!Turn on the Adventure!To the Batmobile! But first, turn the &ldquo;actionator&rdquo; button to transform it from the ultra-sleek vehicle into an off-road crime-fighting machine ready to chase criminals just about anywhere! Kids can push the button or open and close the canopy for lights and cool engine sounds! Pop open panels on the Batmobile to reveal two spring-loaded launchers that send bat projectiles up to 3 feet! Batman figure fits right in the cockpit. Lots of adventure fun!Develops Confidence, Exploration, and Imagination!As characters in your child&rsquo;s imaginative adventures, Hero World figures like Batman can help your child build self-confidence and eagerness to explore. In a world of super heroes, your child can expand the boundaries of his imagination&mdash;which is the best adventure of all! No other play set offers opportunities for creative play like Imaginext. Surprise activations, lights, sounds - kids can make it all happen themselves! Or, Imaginext figures can make the action happen!What's In The Box?1 Batmobile that transforms, 1 Batman figure, bat projectiles for the spring-loaded launcher, 2 AA (R6) 1,5V batteries, and a DC Super Friends DVD.Cool lights and sounds add to the fun! ; 