Title: Disney Princess Castle ; Description: Introducing the ultimate fairytale castle, where all of girls&rsquo; favorite Disney princesses can live happily ever after&mdash;together in one magical home! Standing three stories tall and filled with more than 50 pieces of storybook furniture and accessories, each room of the castle is themed to a different princess and her unique, unforgettable story. It&rsquo;s every little princess&rsquo;s dream come true! For ages 3 and up.Over three stories tall, the castle can house all seven Princesses in luxurious comfort and magical style.Special play areas themed to each Princess, and over 50 pieces bring this castle to life (dolls not included).Play Out Your Favorite Happily-Ever-Afters!Just like your favorite Disney fairytale, the Ultimate Dream Castle begins with &ldquo;once upon a time&rdquo; and ends with &ldquo;happily ever after.&rdquo; Girls will love exploring each area of the castle, customized to fit a different Disney princess, including: Belle&rsquo;s dining room, with magically moving character friends; Jasmine&rsquo;s elevator, which is really a magic carpet that girls can move from floor to floor; Ariel&rsquo;s bathroom, where princesses can lounge in a seashell tub with real bubble sounds; Cinderella&rsquo;s staircase, where a surprise glass slipper hides at the bottom; and much more.The Best Disney Fairytales in One Beautiful Castle!Girls treasure their Disney Princesses and the magical worlds they live in. With the Ultimate Dream Castle, girls don&rsquo;t have to choose a favorite fairytale because the castle features play areas iconic to 7 different princesses: Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Belle, Ariel, Snow White, Jasmine, and Tiana. Girls know that all princesses love to sing and dance, so they will be delighted to find a spinning dance floor at the top of the castle that plays music as it turns. Inside and out, the Ultimate Dream Castle offers unlimited opportunities to relive the fairytale magic&mdash;again and again.Discover the World of Fairytale Celebrations!Bring your favorite Disney Princesses to the Ultimate Dream Castle with 2-in-1 Ballgown Surprise dolls, which allow girls to re-create that iconic movie moment when a beautiful girl transforms into the princess she was destined to become. In two simple steps, the doll goes from wearing a pretty party dress to a sparkling princess ballgown. Now that your princesses are ready for the ball, they need Cinderella&rsquo;s Carriage to get there! Designed with gorgeous royal details and pulled by a noble steed, the carriage will be sure to get your princess home before midnight.What's In The Box?Castle playset stands over 3 feet tall and includes 50+ pieces of furniture and accessories. Dolls not included.It&rsquo;s every little princess&rsquo;s dream come true with the Disney Princess Ultimate Dream Castle! ; 