Title: K'NEX DoubleShot Roller Coaster ; Description: Build a GIANT dueling roller coaster! Over 1,100 K'NEX pieces for the ultimate roller coaster building experience. 2 dueling coaster cars race through 32+ feet of twists and turns - who will make it to the bottom first? The DoubleShot Roller Coaster builds over 3.5 feet tall and includes a motorized chain lift. Go to knex.com to download instructions for a 2nd awesome coaster model. Ages 9+.Build a TOWERING, dueling roller coaster over 3.5 feet tall!Go online to get instructions for a second dueling coaster model - the Double Drop!BUILD with over 1,100 K'NEX rods and connectors!The K&rsquo;NEX DoubleShot Roller Coaster is the ULTIMATE roller coaster building experience, with over 1,110 classic and micro K&rsquo;NEX rods and connectors that add up to a TOWERING roller coaster standing over 3.5 feet tall! Easy-to-follow, color-coded building instructions are included &ndash; your coaster will be on the go in no time. Plus, you can go to knex.com to download instructions for another awesome dueling roller coaster &ndash; the Double Drop. And why should you stop there? You can use the parts and pieces in this set to build any roller coaster you can design &ndash; the only limit is your own imagination.Which car will get to the bottom first?Over 32 feet of twisting, turning track is included to build a spine-tingling, DUELING roller coaster! Two separate tracks, each with its own roller coaster car, make for one unique ride. Assemble the motorized chain lift, slide the cars onto the track, switch on the motor and watch as the cars crest over hills, race through loops and slide around 180&deg; turns at break-neck speed. Which car will win? Change up the design of the track to see if you can get different results &ndash; a different car will win each time depending on how YOU decide to build the roller coaster.Made in the USAOver the past 20 years, K&rsquo;NEX has become America&rsquo;s Building Toy Company with all of our bricks, rods and connectors manufactured in Pennsylvania at The Rodon Group&rsquo;s  facility. K&rsquo;NEX and Rodon remain proudly family owned and operated. At a time when most toys are made overseas we are committed to manufacturing as many parts in the United States as possible. You'll be happy to know that over 95% of the parts used in the DoubleShot Roller Coaster are made in the USA.What's In The Box?1,113 pieces - including a motor, chain lift, 2 coaster cars and 32+ feet of track. Also includes color-coded instruction book.The K'NEX building system allows your to build anything you can imagine! ; 