Title: Thomas the Train: Take-n-Play Rumbling Gold Mine Run ; Description: Thomas has an important job helping the Sodor Mining Company. He roars past the rumbling gold mine and races by the exploding mine shaft in this golden adventure!  Share the excitement with Thomas as you help him find the hidden gold in this exciting adventure! For children ages 3 years and up.Take-n-Play is easy to fold and carry so kids can take it anywhere!Press the water tower to start the action, and bring Thomas' adventures to life.Magnetic Engines and a Fold-Up Track With HandleFor over 65 years, Thomas & Friends has inspired children with endless stories of adventure, friendship, and exploration. Take-n-Play Die-cast engines and vehicles join together with easy connect magnets that connect either way. The Take-n-Play Portable Railway is the portable way to collect and play. Each fold-up play set features a convenient carry handle so kids can take it anywhere for on-the-go fun. Take-n-Play engines, vehicles and play sets enable children to relive their favorite Thomas tales and imagine new exploits.Sound Effects Bring Your Thomas Adventures To LifeChildren will have fun activating the adventure in this thrill-packed play set. Simply roll Thomas up to the Gold Mine entrance ramp and then press the water tower to start the action. As the gold starts to rumble, lifting the tab on the back of the mine causes Thomas to move through the collapsing mine while the gold nuggets bounce around inside the cave. Thomas rolls out of the tunnel doors and down the ramp escaping danger. While rolling past the abandoned mine he sets off another explosion of rock, revealing a giant reserve of gold ore as gold nuggets fly out from the top!Easy To Fold For On-the-Go PlayTake this portable Thomas and Friends playset anywhere with the built-in convenient carry handle. Play set folds for storage and Die-Cast Thomas engine fits right inside. Fold out for easy set-up and let the gold-rumbling, ore-exploding action begin! Easy on-the-go fun!What's In The Box?Die-cast Thomas engine, fold-up portable playset and track pieces to connect to other Take-n-Play playsets.Start the fun with a simple press on the water tower. ; 