Title: Connect 4 Launchers ; Description: It's the old CONNECT 4 game the way you remember it, but now it's a bigger and fast-flying challenge! You can win at CONNECT 4, but it depends on which kind of checker challenge you take on! In all 3 games, try to land your checkers on the game board with your launcher! What will you do when the launch challenges come? Load your launcher, fire your checkers and do your best to make them connect on the board! Be the CONNECT 4 champion!Launch your checkers.Fun for the whole family.Frantic Launch PlayThe Basic Frantic Launch game challenges you to be the first to land four-in-a-row. The Championship Frantic Launch is your chance to flip to 5 points first and win. And the Advanced Power Launch is power checkers for maximum fun! Start with Basic Frantic Launch, where all you have to do is launch your checkers at either color tray. When you get 4 of your checkers in a row on the board, yell "CONNECT 4" and the game will stop. If you really made it, you win!How It WorksThe Championship Frantic Launch goes in rounds, and you start launching your checkers in your round. You get 2 points for each checker you land in the top tray, and 1 point for every one you land in the bottom one. The round ends and you win if you get 4 in a row or score 5 points!  The Advanced Power Launch game works the same way as the Championship Frantic Launch. But you'll use your normal checkers and your Power Checkers to control spaces! Different powers will activate depending on what happens when you launch &ndash; you might get to go again, remove all checkers from a row that you land a checker in, or remove all checkers from every space that touches where it lands!Getting StartedChoose your checker color and gather your checkers on one side of the board while your opponent does the same on the other! Now your next choice is which game you want to play: the Basic Frantic Launch? The Championship Frantic Launch? Or the Advanced Power Launch? Whichever you choose, you'd better practice your mad launching skills for a few minutes to figure out how to launch each checker high or low!What's In The Box?Includes 21 red checkers, 21 yellow checkers, 4 pillar pieces, 2 clear grid trays, 1 red checker launcher, 1 yellow checker launcher and instructions.A whole new way to play CONNECT 4. ; 