Title: Twirl N Top Pizza Shop ; Description: Who wants pizza? With the TWIRL 'N TOP PIZZA SHOP Set, you can make all kinds of delicious-looking PLAY-DOH pizzas! Make the "crust" and cover it with "cheese," then mold the most delicious-looking toppings you can think of to pile your "pie" high! It might make your tummy rumble for the real thing, but you'll have so much fun making bigger and bigger PLAY-DOH pizzas that it won't matter!The package.Take orders for what your friends want on their "pizza" and "serve" PLAY-DOH pizza to your friends.Create PLAY-DOH Pizza and Crazy Toppings&ldquo;Serve&rdquo; PLAY-DOH pizzas to your friends. Take their orders for what they want on their "pizza," then let them watch as you mold the all the crazy toppings they asked for. They can pile it as high as they want. What's your favorite pizza topping? Tomatoes? Pepperoni? With the 12 molds in this set, you can create as many of your favorite &ldquo;toppings&rdquo; as you want! It just takes a moment to mold tasty-looking &ldquo;toppings&rdquo; that you can pile as high as you want on the PLAY-DOH crust! Then, once your yummy-looking creation is complete, use the cutter to slice the "pizza" in pieces for everyone to enjoy. Then mash it all up and start over!12 Molds To Make ToppingsIt's so easy to make a PLAY-DOH pizza with the TWIRL 'N TOP PIZZA SHOP set! Just flatten a ball of PLAY-DOH modeling compound on the pan, then put it in the oven and pull down the handle to make a PLAY-DOH crust. You can also use your own hands to make the &ldquo;crust&rdquo; if you want to &ndash; it's up to you! Once the &ldquo;crust&rdquo; is made, it's all about the crazy cheese. Fill the sprinkler with compound and then turn the handle to grate the "cheese." You can put the pan under the sprinkler, or just grate a bunch of "cheese" and then sprinkle it on the "crust" yourself!So Easy To MakeThe set includes the right colors of PLAY-DOH modeling compound, but you can use any color you already have! (Other cans of PLAY-DOH modeling compound sold separately.) Do you have blue? Make blue "cheese!" If you have pink, make a pink "crust!"What's In The Box?Includes oven, cheese sprinkler, sprinkler handle, dish, server, cutter, pan, instructions and 3 two-ounce cans and 1 five-ounce can of PLAY-DOH modeling compound.With 12 molds you can create as many of your favorite "toppings" as you want. ; 