Title: Hot Wheels Sky Jump Track Set ; Description: Hot Wheels track play reaches new heights in this awesome motorized set! Sky Jump features a huge vertical jump reaching over 2 feet in the air, plus a motorized booster. It&rsquo;s a high-energy thrill ride heavy on racing and crashing action! Will your Hot Wheels car make the jump or will it plunge into the fire storm mixer to race around the crash zone and try it again?Boosted, spinning, and crashing action!Will your cars make the jump, or will they fall into the fire mixer?True Hot Wheels Action!It&rsquo;s all the crashing, racing and jumping action Hot Wheels fans love and expect! The fire storm mixer spins cars around and sends them through the winding crash zone. Cars that make it through the madness shoot up the giant jump and either release vehicles on the platform above, or plunge down into the fiery depths of the mixer to try again! Load up your Hot Wheels cars and see what happens! The booster keeps cars speeding through the set for nonstop action&mdash;crashing, jumping, racing and more!How to PlayKids can send their Hot Wheels cars through the set one at a time or several at once (one car included, others sold separately). The goal is to avoid the crash, make the jump and release the trapped cars on the tower. It&rsquo;s about luck, skill, timing and Hot Wheels fun. Adjust the platform to your optimal height. Send multiple cars through at once and see what happens. Which cars can make the jump and which will fall into the fire mixer to try again?Go VerticalHot Wheels Sky Jump includes one Hot Wheels vehicle plus a dual-lane motorized booster for nonstop action. The adjustable jump platform reaches up to 2 feet in the air. There&rsquo;s also a fire storm mixer, side-winding track loops and thrilling action.What's In The Box?Includes 1 Hot Wheels vehicle; motorized booster; track and a 2ft+ jump. Requires 4 D batteries, not included. Not for use with all Hot Wheels vehicles.Kids will love launching their cars into this super-huge motorized jump track set! ; 