Title: Thomas the Train: Tidmouth Sheds ; Description: For Thomas, every day begins and ends at Tidmouth Sheds! Sir Topham Hatt arrives in his car with Thomas&rsquo; job for the day. Harold patrols the skies, making sure the tracks are all clear! Help Thomas get ready for the day by dropping coal down the coal hopper to load up his cargo car or by giving him a wash down at the water tower. Thomas is now ready to be a Really Useful Engine! Cause-and-effect features include spinning Harold, pressing the sign to send Thomas down the ramp, loading coal through the chute and pressing the water spout up and down. Fun engine and water sounds plus phrases from Thomas, Harold and Sir Topham Hatt! Comes with 10 pieces including Thomas and his cargo car, Harold, Sir Topham Hatt and his car, coal, crates, and more. It&rsquo;s the perfect Thomas playset to help preschoolers discover and develop motor skills, problem solving and social skills. Includes 2 AA batteriesA variety of features and sound effects help bring your favorite Thomas stories to life.Develop problem solving with cause and effect play, such as loading the cargo from the chute!Classic Storytelling and Loads of Features!The Tidmouth Sheds is the perfect introduction to the world of Thomas the Train. As children grow alongside Thomas &amp; Friends, the classic storytelling and characters encourage them to build their own real-life adventures and develop their imaginations. This pre-school vehicle playset of Tidmouth Sheds includes a whirling helicopter, Sir Topham Hatt figure, and of course a free-wheeling Thomas the Train, complete with sounds and character phrases! It also includes a cargo car, 2 crates, 2 barrels, and 3 ramps for lots of loading and unloading play!So Many Ways to Play&hellip;This playset features water sound effects, engine sounds and phrases from Thomas, Harold and Sir Topham Hatt. The chunky style is perfect for little hands while the fun sounds and phrases and cause-and-effect features will entertain and inspire young imaginations! Place figure in different locations on the playset to hear speech or press down on the water tower spout to hear water sound effects. Press the buttons above the doors and they will pop open, allowing the train behind the door to roll out. You will hear a chugging sound effect, whistles and catch phrases from Thomas. Press down on the dormer, and Harold the helicopter will spin around and activate sounds. Drop the cargo into the chute on the roof and it will tumble down into the cargo car. Trains can enter through the front or the back of the building with the 3 ramps. Ramps also double as a bridge for Thomas.Developmental BenefitsWith engines that are just the right size for little hands, the Discover Junction Tidmouth Sheds playset starts children down the track of discovering and learning in several important areas. Motor skills are practiced when your child rolls Thomas, spins Harold, and presses the water pump. Cognitive skills are challenged with problem solving (loading Thomas&rsquo; cargo) and spatial relations (opening shed doors). Social skills are learned by role-playing the child&rsquo;s favorite Thomas and Friends characters that inspire teamwork, sharing and friendship.What's In The Box?10 play pieces including Thomas and his cargo car, Harold, Sir Topham Hatt and his car, coal, crates, and 2 AA batteries.Easy to push buttons activate fun features. ; 