Title: Fisher-Price Kid-Tough Digital Camera, Blue ; Description: Built tough enough for kids&mdash;and now even better! This kid-tough camera is a real digital camera that's tough enough to stand up to the ways kids play and the places they go.  Now it has even more features, for better pictures in more situations!  For children ages 3 years and up.Easy to hold and has big buttons perfect for preschoolers to press!Survives drop after drop after drop.Lots of Features!The Kid-Tough Digital Camera is the perfect size for little hands to hold.  This camera features sturdy, dual hand grips for steady shots and big buttons that are easy for preschoolers to press.  The two-eye viewing is easy for kids to look through and allows them to see exactly what they are taking a picture of.  This camera has a large 1.4&rdquo; color screen that lets kids see pictures they&rsquo;ve taken&mdash;instantly!  In addition, the 4X digital zoom feature lets kids get a close up shot!Download Photos to Your ComputerThe Kid-Tough Digital Camera stores over 2,000 pictures and has 256 MB built-in memory.  Once these photos are downloaded onto your computer &ndash; kids can edit the photos by adding stamps, frames, and more with the PC based downloadable photo editor software.  Not only does this camera allow preschoolers to have their very own camera &ndash; it allows them to use their creativity to make each photo special with their own artistic touch.  Once photos are saved on your computer they can be deleted off the camera to make room for more picture-taking adventures!Kid-Tough and Built to Last!The Kid Tough Digital Camera is a preschooler's very own digital camera that makes it easy for them to take and view pictures.  Now, preschoolers can join in on the fun of taking pictures and parents can feel assured that the Kid-Tough Digital Camera is built to last and survive drop after drop after drop!What's In The Box?Kid-Tough Digital Camera and instructions.The Kid-Tough Digital Camera comes in two different colors! ; 