Title: Fisher-Price Learn Through Music TouchPad ; Description: Introducing Learn Through Music TouchPad for ages: 2 years and up, an updated version of the original, best-selling Learn Through Music system which teaches preschoolers fundamental lessons through rhythm, rhyme, repetition and the magic of music.  Let the world of music, storytelling, and game play offer your child a unique approach to learning. This special interactive music-based learning system brings your child&rsquo;s favorite characters to life as they invite them into a world of songs, games, stories and adventures!Sing, play, explore, and learn through music!Easy navigation for small fingers.Music-Based Learning and Educational GamesLearn through Music offers a unique approach to preschool curriculum, offering a fun mix of music, storytelling, interactive game play, and contextual curriculum. Learn through Music content delivery is natural, fun, and is powerful and compelling with strong characters in inviting situations. Music-based learning, unique to Learn through Music, creates deeper learning and fun using rewarding game play. Learn through Music features a child-friendly linear approach for learning. Lots of educational games to play: find & explore, identify the pattern, compare & contrast, follow the sequence, listening to direction, logic and memory.Touch Screen Is Perfect For Small FingersThe new TouchPad features a Touch-sensitive screen - just touch the screen for interactive play and to move to the next frame. Press the MUSIC key to play a song; press the KARAOKE key, and it plays music for a sing-a-long! Answer a random question by pressing the QUESTION key; the SECRET SPOT reveals a hidden secret! Press the MINI GAME key to activate a bonus game, and press the HOME key to return you to the first screen.Portability and Accessories Create ValueFeatures a sleek new portable design, an even larger screen with more touch points, a microphone for sing-along learning, and a headphone jack for quiet play. Touch the screen for your own music and light show! A fun world of adventure in this easy to use children&rsquo;s electronic learning aid.What's In The Box?Learn Through Music TouchPad Interactive Learning System, one learning cartridge: Leo and Friends Alphabet Museum, and 4 &ldquo;AA&rdquo; (LR6) alkaline batteries.Different touch points bring children to different modes of play. ; 