Title: My Little Pony Princess Celestia ; Description: PRINCESS CELESTIA rules the kingdom of EQUESTRIA, and she's the pony that all the other ponies look up to. But she's more than beautiful, even when she looks her best: She's also just and good. That's why all your other MY LITTLE PONY figures (sold separately) are sure to look up to your PRINCESS CELESTIA pony figure!You can brush her Pony hair.Create Imaginative stories with your PRINCESS CELESTIA figure.Looking Her BestShe has beautiful purple, pink, green and blue ringlets that you can comb and use the barrettes to style. She also says phrases like &ldquo;I will light the way!&rdquo; and &ldquo;Let&rsquo;s fly to the castle!&rdquo; When her wings light up, she's the most beautiful pony figure around, and she can be all yours! A princess needs to look her best every day, and a princess with wings needs to look amazing! You can style your PRINCESS CELESTIA figure's many-colored mane and tail to look even more beautiful than they already do.Styling Your Princess Celestia FigureRun the comb through her soft tresses and then decorate their silky beauty with the barrettes. Now make her not only beautiful but regal with her golden necklace and crown! All hail PRINCESS CELESTIA and you, her royal stylist! There are so many amazing things about your PRINCESS CELESTIA figure, but the best of all is her wings! Their soft color matches the colors in her mane and tail, and they light up and glow like fireflies at night.More DetailsWhen you press the button, your pony figure says things like "I love to make new friends" and "I am PRINCESS CELESTIA!" Her wings flutter and move like she's flying across the sky. Their soft, "magical" glow lets you know she really is the princess of all the ponies!What's In The Box?Pony figure comes with crown, necklace, 4 barrettes and comb. Includes 2 &ldquo;AA&rdquo; batteries. WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD &ndash; Small parts. Not for children under 3 years. Ages 3 and up.Collect PRINCESS CELESTIA and all of her Pony friends. ; 