Title: Fisher-Price Disney's Mickey Mouse Space Rocket ; Description: Join the Space adventure with Mickey &amp; Friends aboard the Mickey Mouse Space Rocket! Introduce your child to Mickey&rsquo;s Blast off Rocket with all its great features from the show &ldquo;Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Space Adventure&rdquo; &ndash; perfect for boys and girls. Features real countdown sounds like "3..2..1..Blast off!" and fun flashing lights. For children ages 2 and up.Join Mickey Mouse on a space adventure!Buckle up and go for a ride in Mickey&rsquo;s Space RoverA Rocket and a Space Station!There are two fun ways to play with the Mickey Mouse Space Rocket from Fisher-Price. After blast off, the rocket will make realistic flying and swooshing sound effects. In addition to fun flying sounds &ndash; the Space Rocket transforms into a cool space station. Easily convert the rocket into a space station by opening the shuttle doors. Launch the moon buggy out and peg the Mickey figure to his tether for zero gravity spins inside or around the shuttle! Children will love taking Mickey on a moon walk adventure.Fun Sound Effects Inspire ImaginationThe Mickey Mouse Space Rocket features fun sound effects sure to entertain your preschooler. There is a button on top of the handle that will activate Mickey phrases and rocket sounds. The booster light will come on when the "countdown for blast off" phrase comes on. For realistic cause and effect - there is a gravity switch inside the rocket. When the rocket is turned sideways or swayed back and forth, the gravity switch activates rocket sounds and the booster light comes on.An Intergalactic AdventureBlast off with Disney&rsquo;s Mickey Mouse and bring his space adventure right into your home! Mickey fits right in the cockpit and is ready to be launched into space. This playset features the Space Rocket which turns into a space station, a space rover, two flexible tether attachments, and a space Mickey figure. Let your imagination grow and your space adventure begin!What's In The Box?Space Rocket, Mickey Mouse Space Figure, Space Rover, 2 tether attachments, and 3 AAA batteries.Blast Mickey&rsquo;s shuttle into outer space with cool sound effects ; 