Title: Just Like Home Cash Register - Colors may vary ; Description: Learn early money concepts with the Just Like Home Electronic Cash Register - Colors may vary. The working calculator reinforces basic math skills, and the light-up hand-held scanner and credit card scanner with sound make playing retail fun. Check out your groceries and pay with cash or plastic.   THE IMAGES SHOWN MY VARY SLIGHTLY FROM ACTUAL ITEM. 
Safety Warnings:
CHOKING HAZARD - CHOKING HAZARD - Small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs.

Clean-up on aisle 4! You'll feel like you're inside of a real grocery store with the Just Like Home Electronic Cash Register. This realistic register has everything you need to serve any customer: a working calculator, a pop-open drawer that stores make-believe money, a hand-held scanner that lights up and a credit card swipe slot with sound. You can also place miniature grocery items on the movable conveyor belt and use the intercom to make pretend announcements. Dimensions: 7"L x 6.5"W x 4.5"H. Weight: 2 lbs. 

Just Like Home pretend play kitchens, grocery and restaurant toy play sets give your kids everything they need to become the next great celebrity or reality show super chef! Just Like Home realistic looking and sounding play kitchen and restaurant toy cookware sets that have the look and feel of what the pros use at the great values you come to expect. Kids can shop and cook along with mom and dad to prepare pretend play meals, create their very own bistro and perform the all important clean-up! 
Electronic register allows you to hold a pretend job while working with money and developing math skills
Scanner, conveyor belt, opening drawer, calculator and credit card machine simulate a true grocery checkout experience
Bright colors make playtime extra fun
Light-and-sound features add a realistic touch
Includes: 1 cash register with calculator, opening drawer and credit card slot; 1 hand-held scanner; 1 intercom; 1 moving conveyor belt; 1 grocery basket; assorted groceries; pretend money and a pretend credit card ; 