Title: Chica Plush from The Sunny Side Up Show on Sprout - 13 Inches ; Description: Now children who love Chica from The Sunny Side Up Show on Sprout can have a special Chica plush of their own.  Just squeeze her tummy and Chica squeaks -- just like on TV!  Chica is the perfect cuddly companion for preschoolers, and also makes an ideal gift for infant and toddlers. Safe for ages 0 and up.Chica is the perfect companion for preschoolers.Chica from The Sunny Side Up Show on Sprout, the 24-hour preschool television channel.Soft, Snuggly, Huggable and Squeakable ChicaFrom wakeup through wind down, Chica is ready to add a little sunshine to any child's day.  This high-quality plush has a rounded body and head, soft beak, and soothing soft fur, including an extra soft patch of fur on her belly, making Chica the perfect nap companion.  At 13-inches, Chica is ideally sized for preschoolers to carry along on their daily adventures or to use for pretend play.  Her plush legs fold at the hip, so she can sit close by on a table, dresser or shelf. Chica provides an interactive, playful experience that encourages imagination and unstructured play. Chica is easy to clean!  Simply use a damp, soapy cloth and fluff dry.From The Sunny Side Up Show &ndash; Live on Sprout, 7 Days a WeekEvery morning, The Sunny Side Up Show greets preschoolers and their families as they rise and shine and prepare for the day ahead. In this live broadcast, hosts Kelly, Sean, Dennisha and Liz alternate weeks and join Chica the Chicken to create a warm and welcoming environment where families can gather to share their local weather, birthdays, and even show and tell with Sprout&reg;.  Favorite Sprout characters like Elmo and Barney visit the Sunshine Barn from time to time, as well as other special guests, such as a chef, librarian or firefighter.   The Sunny Side Up Show balances playful, spontaneous fun with real life learning and creates a welcoming environment for preschoolers and their parents to spend some morning time together.   SproutOnline.com provides a forum through which viewers interact with the live broadcast.  The website handles all submissions for local weather reports, birthday celebrations, artwork and contest entries.  SproutOnline.com also includes age-appropriate interactive games, including special games and activities featuring Chica.Sprout24-hour preschool television channel Sprout&reg; features all the shows kids love and parents trust, such as Sesame Street&reg;, Barney & Friends&trade;, Bob The Builder&trade;, Caillou&reg; and more. From morning to night, Sprout is a place where parents and kids can share everything from singing and dancing to birthday wishes and bedtime stories. So, no matter where they are in their day, there&rsquo;s always something to share with Sprout. Created as a partnership among NBCUniversal, HIT Entertainment, PBS and Sesame Workshop, Sprout is the only channel that follows the day of the child from breakfast to bedtime with its distinctive programming. Currently, Sprout is available in over 50 million homes.   Parents and preschoolers can interact with Sprout at www.SproutOnline.com for crafts, activities, games and more.  Follow Sprout on Facebook (www.facebook.com/sprout) and Twitter (@SproutTV).What's In The Box?13-inch Chica plush individually packed in a clear polybag.Cute and cuddly from every angle! ; 