Title: Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone ; Description: Every preschooler loves role play! Now they can chat on their very own phone just like mom and dad! The Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone is a realistic and fun phone for children who will soon be able to answer and talk on a  real phone. With regular use, they will become comfortable and confident phone talkers.Preschoolers will love pretend play on their very own phonePlay games, count with numbers, or learn the alphabetLearn with Sounds and MusicChildren will love the real, cell phone-like features of the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone. Exciting sounds, music, and realistic ring tones will offer hours of role play. They&rsquo;ll also be able to master their phone skills. Practice makes perfect! They&rsquo;ll be able to learn basic skills such as answering the phone, talking on the phone, and saying goodbye. They&rsquo;ll also be able to learn very important phone numbers you personally can program in. That way, they will learn who to call for emergencies.Meet Your New Best Friend Gabby!With the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone, your child will make a new best friend, Gabby! Gabby is a friendly, interactive voice that asks real questions and has real answers. There&rsquo;s no better way to learn valuable phone skills than with a friend at your child&rsquo;s side! She&rsquo;ll help your preschooler learn numbers, counting, and the alphabet. They&rsquo;ll also learn how to call neighborhood friends like the police officer and a firefighter. Your child will have mastered the phone and enjoy talking on it in no time!Chat All Day Long!Just like a real cell phone, your child will be able to take the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone anywhere! With lightweight features, kids can tote the phone around all day. No worries about tough play, the phone is sturdy and built for plenty of play!  3 AA batteries required (included).What's In The Box?Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Phone,3 AA batteries.Teach children how to dial important numbers like calling the police or a fireman ; 