Title: Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet ; Description: Boys and girls love to role play!  With the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet, they'll have their own tablet, just like mom and dad! The lightweight, handheld tablet will encourage children to play with it wherever they may go. Similar to a real tablet, kids will learn basic technology skills that will benefit them for a lifetime.Kids will love playing with their very own handheld tabletTechnology adds excitement to learning, once they&rsquo;ve explored and mastered one mode, they can move to the next learning modeLearning is Fun!The Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet is a fantastic educational tool.There are six modes to teach letters, phonics, music, numbers, games and typing. The bilingual number mode even teaches kids how to count to 10 in both English and Spanish!  Each mode will help children strengthen their academic skills and add excitement to learning. The entertainment value for your preschooler is great, too. Once they&rsquo;ve explored and mastered one mode, they can move to the next learning mode. There are so many exciting modes to choose from, the fun never stops!Tech-Savvy Tablet SkillsYour child will love experimenting with the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet and its many features, sounds and lights. Kids will love  the many ways they can personalize their tablet, like changing their desktop background to their favorite color. Whether they&rsquo;re playing games or counting numbers aloud, just think how much fun your preschooler will have while typing away. They&rsquo;ll be practicing their tablet skills on a daily basis and tech-savvy in no time. With the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet, the learning opportunities are endless!Tote the Tablet Anywhere!Take the Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet anywhere! With lightweight features, kids can tote the tablet around all day. And they won&rsquo;t have to worry about holding it up all the time, the kick stand in the back makes it easy to use! The tablet is extra sturdy and kid-tough.What's In The Box?Fisher-Price Fun-2-Learn Smart Tablet, 4 AA batteries.Learn valuable lessons like saying the alphabet in both English and Spanish ; 