Title: Uncle Milton National Geographic Expedition Trekking Pack ; Description: Gear up and explore with the National Geographic Expedition Trekking Pack! Accessible gear is vital when exploring. With plenty of storage options, like mesh pockets and D-rings, and adjustable straps, this rugged pack holds all you need close at hand, so you're always ready to go on the ultimate adventure!Gear up and explore!National Geographic Outdoor Explorer Toys.Adventure Awaits!Your new Expedition Trekking Pack will keep all of your gear and essentials organized and accessible when exploring in the field, allowing you to take advantage of the unexpected at a moment&rsquo;s notice. Always make sure to carry water and snacks, along with the proper gear to explore the world around you! With the Expedition Trekking Pack and other National Geographic Outdoor Explorer toys, you can embark on your journey to becoming an avid explorer of the great outdoors.Master CollectorThe next time you go out exploring with your friends or family, bring a few small, sealable plastic specimen bags with you.  Pick a collecting theme for the day- it could be rocks and minerals one trip, tree leaves on another. Collect your finds and place them in the specimen bags, then store them in the large pocket on your Expedition Trekking Pack.  What amazing finds did you come back with to start your collection?National GeographicSince its inception in 1888, when the National Geographic Society was created for the "increase and diffusion of geographic knowledge," it has supported the work of the world's most intrepid scientists and boldest explorers. Over the years, the Society has awarded more than 10,000 grants for exploration, research, and conservation efforts. Their constant exploration of the world has illuminated the need to protect the Earth's many resources for the future, resulting in a rededicated mission to inspire people to care about the planet. Most important, National Geographic's net proceeds support the exploration, conservation, research, and educational programs that make a better understanding of the world possible.What's In The Box?Expedition Trekking Pack and Activity Field Guide.Plenty of storage options, like mesh pockets and D-rings, and adjustable straps! ; 