Title: Air Hogs - Battle Tracker with Yellow Disc Firing Helicopter ; Description: The all-new Air Hogs Battle Tracker delivers head-to-head interactive combat. Take command of the Disc-Launching Helicopter as the A.R.T (Automated Robotic Turret) tracks your every move. Enter the heat of battle with both single and multiplayer modes: Single Player: Auto Mode. Take control of the heli and launch disks at the A.R.T antenna. But, beware. A.R.T tracks your every move while releasing a devastating payload of missiles. Don&#x2019;t underestimate the advanced intelligence tracking system as you go head-to-head in battle. 2-Player: Manual Mode. Easily switch to manual mode using the A.R.T remote control. Face-off against friends and see who will be victorious. Switch roles as you control 2 different advanced weapon systems and discover each of their advantages. Other Modes: Both the A.R.T and Disk Shooting Helicopter can be controlled independently. Battle them against other Air Hogs vehicles and become the ultimate battle-ready sharpshooter. Disk Launching Helicopter: Launch your way to victory with the high-powered disk launching heli. The resilient hard-plastic body is armored to withstand all combat scenarios. Steady-Fly Technology software detects flight instability and auto adjusts rotor systems delivering superior, stable flight. The advanced disk release system lets you launch your payload in rapid or single bursts. Automated Robotic Turret: The A.R.T is a state-of-the-art robot built with auto tracking technology and lock-on sequencing. It intelligently tracks and monitors flight patterns of the Disk Launching Helicopter and locks-on for fatal shots. The advanced missile load and release system launches missiles with precision and speed to challenge even the greatest of Air Hogs Pilots. Its built in sensor intelligence responds to disk impacts and recognizes when its been defeated. But don&#x2019;t expect and easy battle as the robotic voice analyzes and speaks during battle to distract its opponents. ; 