Title: LeapFrog Crayola Art Adventure Learning Game (Works with LeapPad Tablets,Leapster Explorer GS, and Leapster Explorer) ; Description: LeapFrog&#x2019;s Crayola Art Adventure game cartridge gives kids ages 3-7 an introduction to colors, shapes, art, drawing, logic and reasoning. Kids use artistic talent and critical thinking skills to explore a creative world and help the Pip Squeaks solve a puzzling art mystery! The cartridge is compatible with LeapPad Explorer Learning Tablets, Leapster ExplorerGS and Explorer gaming systems.Learn colors and build logic skills as you solve puzzles!Create and exhibit your own artistic masterpieces!Put the &#x201C;Art&#x201D; in &#x201C;Smart&#x201D;Join the Pipsqueaks in the Crayola Gallery to solve the mystery of the disappearing colors. Use logic skills to draw your way through tricky mazes. Match shapes to puzzle pieces to reveal hidden images. Compose a song while coloring a picture. Create your own works of art and see how they look in the gallery. As children draw and trace, they develop spatial reasoning skills, visual acuity and stylus control, which aid in writing letters and solving problems as they grow.Interaction Inspires ExplorationThis Crayola Art Adventure creativity game isn&#x2019;t just another open-ended art game; it&#x2019;s an interactive learning opportunity. LeapFrog&#x2019;s team of learning experts designed a curriculum that combines logic and reasoning with engaging and creative game play. Kids become immersed in the storyline and solve entertaining mysteries while exercising their artistic talent. With tools inspired by actual Crayola art supplies, kids create their own masterpieces and exhibit them in the game as part of the story! But fun with art is only part of the LeapFrog difference: Kids draw, color and paint, all the while developing their logic and memory skills through play. This combination of learning and gaming promotes curiosity, exploration and confidence.Designed for Kids by LeapFrog Learning ExpertsBecause younger preschoolers (age 3+) engage in ways that are different than their older peers, LeapFrog develops content experiences to meet their learning needs. The game presents just the right level of content depending on your child&#x2019;s age. The Crayola Art Adventure features game mechanics designed to promote faster engagement with young audiences. Sophisticated problem solving concepts are presented with simple graphics and a clear and intuitive interface that three year olds can follow. For example, mazes only have one turn in them to make it easier for kids to trace in the beginning levels. As they advance, they move on to more complex options with multiple directions and turns. Younger audiences are also supported by built-in hint systems and in-game instructions.What's In The Box?Box includes an Explorer game cartridge (compatible with LeapFrog LeapPad Explorer Learning Tablets, Leapster ExplorerGS and Explorer gaming systems, sold separately) and a Parent Guide Instruction Book.Take advantage of hundreds of game cartridges and downloads that keep kids challenged and inspired. LeapFrog&#x2019;s library of educational entertainment content includes videos, music, learning games, Ultra eBooks and creative activities. ; 