Title: Badger Basket Double Doll Travel Case with Bunk Bed and Bedding (Dark Pink) ; Description: Pack your two favorite 18 inch dolls and their accessories, zip, and go. Our soft case also includes a travel bunk bed, pillows, and blankets so your weary dolls can slumber comfortably anywhere. Convenient tote handles (one on top and one on the side), and a card holder on the front for adding a name or address tag (paper card not included). Secure your dolls inside with the hook-and-loop straps. Front window is useful if you have multiple dolls to pack and store. No need to unzip to see who is inside. Travel bunk bed folds flat and stores inside. Ample room inside the case for additional clothing and accessories (not included). Mesh pockets inside to hold small items. Heavy duty resin zipper with dual pulls. Fits 18 inch dolls such as american girl, madame alexander, and our generation. Spot clean travel case and travel bed as needed with a damp cloth and mild detergent. Allow to air dry. Do not heavily soak nor immerse the travel case nor the travel bed in water. Hand wash pillows and blankets and allow to air dry. Grab tabs at either ends of the zipper help you hold the case steady when opening or closing. Travel case is made with 100% polyester oxford fabric with pe foam filling. Bed, pillows, and blankets are made with durable 80% polyester/20% cotton fabric with white binding on all edges. Pillow has polyester filling. For three years old and up. Dolls and clothing/accessories shown in the photos not included. This item is a toy only and is never to be used with real infants or pets. Actual product may vary slightly from shown. All measurements approximate. This item ships in its original carton which may include a photo of the product. Warning: choking hazard - small parts. Not for children under 3 yrs. Do not store the travel case where it is below freezing temperatures because it may cause damage to the clear PVC vinyl viewing window. Travel case: 15. 75" x 6. 25" x 20. 5" high. Bed: 19. 75" L x 11. 25" W x 15" high. ; 