Title: LeapFrog Animal Genius Learning Game (works with LeapPad Tablets, LeapsterGS, and Leapster Explorer) ; Description: Travel around the world on fun fact-finding adventures to 12 animal habitats, where you&#x2019;ll discover more than 40 different reptiles, birds, amphibians and mammals. Your little animal lover will naturally enjoy learning fun facts about their favorite animals while building life science and geography knowledge and logic and classification. Play 9 different mini games to learn about animals&#x2014;what they eat, what eats them, the animal&#x2019;s neighbors in the habitat and a wide array of animal trivia! Game play is geared toward kids ages 5 and older, and the cartridge is compatible with LeapPad2, LeapPad1, LeapsterGS and Leapster Explorer systems.Visit 12 different animal habitats around the globe.Learn to classify animals based on their similarities.Kids are Natural ScientistsThrough game play, kids can learn to categorize animals by species, imitate animal sounds and more.  Plus, play opens up opportunities to build early life science skills&#x2014;including identifying living things, understanding the animal life-cycle (from baby to adult), and exploring wild animals&#x2019; environmental and physical needs. As the game travels from one animal habitat to another, little explorers can build understanding about people and animals from different regions and eventually use geography as a tool to understand places, cultures and the world in spatial terms. And, as they make progress through the game, players use scientific observations and apply basic logic and reasoning skills to solve problems and draw conclusions.Challenge Your Super Animal IQThe Super Animal Genius learning game is designed to give kids an exciting introduction to early science. LeapFrog&#x2019;s team of learning experts combine science curriculum and engaging games for an experience that promotes mastery, confidence and success. Young children are natural scientists, collecting information through real experiences, including play. The Super Animal Genius game allows children to safely explore 12 new environments with 40 animal friends, while games challenge them to get excited about science and building core skills.LeapFrog&#x2019;s Innovative Approach to LearningLeapFrog Learning Expert Dr. Elizabeth B. says that, &#x201C;Encouraging children to engage with science helps them construct a foundation for the development of language, logic and problem-solving. Science also boosts critical thinking and teaches children to frame productive questions. And children are natural scientists. They have surprisingly sophisticated ways of thinking about the natural world based on direct experiences with the physical environment. Super Animal Genius expands the experiences children have with science, providing opportunities to build scientific thinking as they explore the relationships between animals and their habitats. In the game, children develop important scientific skills including observation, comparing and contrasting, and classification while learning about more than 40 different animals.&#x201D;What's In The Box?Box includes Super Animal Genius LeapFrog Explorer game cartridge (compatible with LeapPad2, LeapPad1, LeapsterGS and Leapster Explorer systems, sold separately) and a Parent Guide Instruction Book.Take advantage of hundreds of game cartridges and downloads that keep kids challenged and inspired. LeapFrog&#x2019;s library of educational entertainment content includes videos, music, learning games, Ultra eBooks and creative activities. ; 