Title: LeapFrog Disney Pixar Monsters University Learning Game (works with LeapPad Tablets, LeapsterGS, and Leapster Explorer) ; Description: In Disney Pixar's Monsters University, winning the Scare Games will take more than a big roar&#x2014;use your problem-solving skills to help Mike and Sulley. Using clever thinking and stealth maneuvers, make your way through different locations. Are your scare skills up to the challenge? Age 4-7 years Features  Train to be a top Scarer while progressing through 24 levels. Each level of learning puts your mind to the test&#x2014;solving logic puzzles and tactical mini-games to unlock shortcuts, find Scare Cards and collect dorm decor. Navigate your way across campus as you sneak to your destination. Strategize a path through obstacles and enemies using objects you find and evasion tactics.  As you go, 2 problem-solving mini games challenge your scare skills. Identify pairs of matching monsters memorabilia before time runs out. Use deductive reasoning skills to find the monster that holds the hidden key. Let your inner monster loose. Pick parts to create your own monster. You can even monsterize your own face and bring your creation to life by recording monster roars with the built-in camera and microphone on LeapPad learning tablets and LeapsterGS Explorer. Finally, put your monster to the test and see how much scream energy you can collect. Learning Difference "As Mike and Sulley learn, setting up the perfect monster scare is a challenging problem to be solved using wits and perseverance. In this game, each level exercises children's logic skills, requiring them to rely on tools in the environments to overcome opponents and obstacles. Children are encouraged to test strategies, learn from mistakes and try again until they set up the perfect scare." - Clement C., LeapFrog Learning Expert Works with LeapPad2 Explorer, LeapPad1 Explorer, LeapsterGS Explorer and Leapster Explorer (Sold separately. NOTE: In-game camera and microphone functions are not compatible with Leapster Explorer.). ; 