Title: POOF-Slinky 455BL POOF Pro Gold Over The Door 18-Inch Breakaway Rim Basketball Hoop Set with Clear Shatterproof Backboard and 5-Inch Inflatable Ball ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 455BL POOF Pro Gold Over The Door Breakaway Hoop Set is an easy to assemble basketball rim, backboard and net that hangs over your door for ultimate slam-dunk competitions, fast paced, high-action games or the casual jump shot at the office. This set capitalizes on the popularity of the "breakaway rim" concept and can be bent when a player dunks a basketball and it instantly snaps back into position once released. Made of clear quality polycarbonate with a real solid steel breakaway rim, the shatter resistant backboard will bring your indoor basketball games to a whole new level. This hoop is easy to assemble, hangs over your door and requires no tools in order to start playing. Show your skills as you dunk over your opponents. The 5-inch inflatable basketball (included) is designed and molded to look and feel like a real traditional ball. Year-round shooting tournaments and individual play will last for hours, increasing hand-eye coordination, while providing the necessary exercise your child and family requires on a daily basis. POOF's Pro Gold Over The Door Basketball Hoop Set is designed for 1+ players, measures 18.38-Inch by 3.25-Inch by 12.25-Inch and includes an 18-inch shatterproof backboard, steel breakaway rim, 5-inch inflatable ball, net and instructions. Great for home, work or anyplace there is a door. The 30-year-old POOF brand includes a broad variety of foam sports balls, flying toys, water toys and activity toys for all ages. The POOF-Slinky 455BL POOF Pro Gold Over The Door 18-Inch Breakaway Rim Basketball Hoop Set is recommended for children 5-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky, Inc. is the maker of POOF, Slinky, Ideal and Scientific Explorer Brands. Our product lines offer new exciting play with the highly successful Sno-Toys line, Fuzzoodles activity kits, as well as timeless classics, such as the original Slinky, Ideal table-top games, wood construction sets and over 400 other products. ; 