Title: POOF-Slinky 140BL Metal Original Giant Slinky in Box, Silver ; Description: The POOF-Slinky 140BL Metal Original Giant Slinky is the big daddy of the family and continues to be a constant entertainer as it walks down stairs or comes alive in a child's hands. This version is 70-percent larger than the original Slinky and stretches farther, flips higher and walks down taller steps one end at a time while making that classic Slinky sound. Toy history was made when Richard James conducted an experiment with tension springs. During the experiment, one of the springs fell to the floor and began to &#x201C;walk&#x201D;. The Slinky debuted 1945 at Gimbals Department Store in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and all (400) Slinkys for sale were purchased in 90-minutes. Since then, over 300-million Slinkys have been sold worldwide. The Slinky is filled with nostalgia and has been featured in Disney Pixar&#x2019;s &#x201C;Toy Story&#x201D; movie franchise. It's the official state toy of Pennsylvania and famous for one of the most popular jingles of all time, &#x201C;It&#x2019;s Slinky&#x201D;. Though it was developed to be a toy, the Slinky was used by soldiers in Vietnam as an antenna and a therapy tool for hand-eye coordination. This giant silver Slinky is made of metal for long lasting wiggly-jiggly Slinky fun. The Giant Slinky is made in the U.S.A., comes boxed and perfect for presents, party favors, Easter baskets, grab bags, prizes and stocking stuffers. The Slinky is truly a timeless toy, fun for adults and kids alike. The POOF-Slinky 140BL Metal Original Giant Slinky is recommended for children 5-years of age and older. POOF-Slinky is the manufacturer of the world famous Slinky and the top selling POOF foam sport balls in North America, both manufactured in Plymouth, MI and Hollidaysburg, PA. Ideal and Scientific Explorer are other well-know brands, rounding out the POOF-Slinky family. With roots in the toy industry for over 100-years, POOF-Slinky brands continue to grow and broaden. New generations of kids, their parents and grandparents have proven that classic toys never go out of style. ; 