Title: LeapFrog Nickelodeon Bubble Guppies Explorer Learning Game ; Description: Discover a watery world of learning and laughter on 3 field trips with Molly, Gil, Bubble Puppy and all your Bubble Guppy friends. As you explore with the class, learn about science and social studies while building listening comprehension skills. Visit the Puppy Park to learn about recycling, Big Bubble City to learn about people and places and a dinosaur dig site to find fossils. Plus, earn Bubble Badges and collect items along the way. Age 3-5 years Features Help the Bubble Guppies clean up the Puppy Park: Sort recycling and trash and match animals with their habitats and foods. As you play, collect Bubble Bites&#x2014;Bubble Puppy's favorite snack. Then search under shells to find Bubble Puppy's ball. Visit Big Bubble City to learn about the people and things you can see in a city and to watch a fin-tastic fireworks celebration. Discover city places and people and collect city items along the way. Then have a blast helping to make as many fireworks sparkle before time runs out. Go on a trip to a dinosaur dig site with Gil and discover facts about the prehistoric world. Help him collect bones and fossils to complete a skeleton and then answer questions to identify, sort and match fossils. When you're done collecting, use your memory in a bonus game to match fossils as fast as you can. With 5 curricular mini-games, 3 bonus games and 3 activities, every level of play is packed full of exciting things to discover.  Learning Difference "Children can be a part of the Bubble Guppies learning environment, discovering social studies and science topics while nurturing their natural curiosity and inquisitiveness. Along the way, children build vocabulary and listening comprehension skills key to early reading as they learn about recycling, animal habitats, fossils and people and places in the community."  &#x2014;Carolyn J., LeapFrog Learning Expert Works with Works with LeapPad2 Explorer, LeapPad1 Explorer, LeapsterGS Explorer and Leapster Explorer (sold separately). ; 