Title: Trolley Doll Travel Case with Rocking Bed and Bedding - Star Pattern ; Description: Designed for going down the street or jet setting around the world with your 18 inch doll. Pack your doll and her accessories, zip and go. Trolley has adjustable pull handle and two smooth-rolling wheels. Carrier attaches to the trolley with three hook-and-loop straps. Carrier can be removed from the trolley frame to carry separately by the tote handles on the top and side. Trolley has footrests on the front to assist with standing up. Also includes a travel bed, pillow and blanket so your doll can slumber comfortably anywhere. Travel bed can be used in either a rocking or stationary position. Card holder on the front (paper card not included). Secure your doll inside with the straps. Clear, heart-shaped vinyl window on the front. Front window is useful if you have multiple dolls to pack and store. No need to unzip to see who is inside when you are choosing a friend for play or travel. Travel bed folds flat and stores inside. Bed assembles simply by unfolding it and inserting the platform panel. Ample room for additional clothing and accessories (not included). Five, elasticized, mesh pockets hold small items. Heavy duty resin zipper with dual pulls. Fits 18 inch dolls like American Girl, Madame Alexander and Our Generation. Spot clean travel case and travel bed as needed with a damp cloth and mild detergent. Allow to Air Dry. Pull handle can be either fully folded or fully extended (no stop positions in between). Travel case is made with 100% polyester Oxford fabric with PE foam filling. Bed, Pillow and Blanket are made with 80% polyester/20% cotton fabric. Pillow has polyester filling. Doll and clothing/accessories shown in the photos not included. This item is a toy only and is never to be used with real infants or pets. Actual product may vary slightly from shown and described. This item ships in its original carton which may include a photo of the product. Do not store the Travel Case where it is below freezing temperatures. ; 