Title: K'NEX Education - Computer Control: STEM Explorations Building Kit ; Description: The K'NEX Computer Control STEM Explorations set is designed for students to investigate a variety of concepts related to science, technology, engineering and math. The modules are hands-on, cooperative activities providing stimulating inquiry and problem solving through design. With the software, Interface, various input/output devices, motors and K'NEX Rods and Connectors, the students will experience problem solving in design and automation using programming, construction techniques and devices to help them understand how to program and operate computer controlled devices. The Teacher's Guide provides guidance to the teacher as they present a comprehensive STEM experience for their students with each and every lesson. Students will be given a specific problems, ask questions and conduct research using fair and consistent testing procedures, chart and analyze their data, refine solutions through feedback from their designs and communicate their results. The set comes complete with 820 K'NEX parts, enough to build 9 computer controlled models, one at a time, a K'NEX Interface and software (with site license), motors, push button switches, reed switches, a buzzer and LEDs. Grades 5 - 9. Building instructions and teacher's guide aligned to Science, Technology, Engineering and Math standards included. Packaged in a strong storage tub with Snap-On lid. STEM Education focuses on science, technology, engineering and mathematics concepts taught through problem-solving, discovery, exploratory learning and critical thinking. STEM Education requires students to be active participants in the learning. K'NEX models offer hands-on learning opportunities that encourage scientific inquiry, investigation and experimentation. Our inquiry-based lessons challenge students as they build, investigate, problem solve, discuss and evaluate scientific and design principles in action. Aligned to Science, Technology, Engineering and Math standards. ; 