Title: LeapFrog Musical Rainbow Tea Party ; Description: Attend a tea party with a magical twist with the LeapFrog Musical Rainbow Tea Party, a 10-piece tea party set designed especially for preschool-age children. Turn the tea time play ritual into an inspiring activity with this colorful set which features a magical teapot that lights up in six rainbow colors and plays fun learning songs! Explore preschool skill-building activities like early vocabulary and counting, while developing social skills like sharing, taking turns, manners and more.  The Musical Rainbow Tea Party features 50+ songs, phrases and tea party sounds. Appropriate for children ages 1-3 years.The lovable light-up teapot bubbles with personality while brewing "tea" and teaches kids about colors, matching, manners and counting.Host a special tea time for two to learn lessons in sharing.Learning SkillsThe adorable Musical Rainbow Tea Party includes 10 play pieces that introduce colors and matching, manners and greetings, and counting. The rainbow-illuminated teapot glows in six vibrant colors that coordinate with six matching cake pieces. Little ones will love matching colors to tea cakes while building motor skills as they play. As the teapot tips, the color moves and gurgles like a real teapot. The Musical Rainbow Tea Party introduces basic counting and color names with a play narrative full of vocabulary terms that introduce friendly greetings and manners. The lid lifts to reveal a shiny mirror for peek-a-boo play and fun sounds.LeapFrog DifferenceChildren learn more when they're having fun! As an educational entertainment leader, parents trust us to combine innovation and multiple play patterns to delight children and expand their learning horizons. Our toys provide exciting experiences as part of each child's journey to reach his or her full potential!  LeapFrog has created a learning/play environment that is developmentally appropriate for children ages 1 to 3 years. The Musical Rainbow Tea Party lays the foundation for essential preschool skill building in a delightfully rewarding role-play environment that your child has a hand in creating.Innovative Learning ApproachChildren can learn to identify and name colors; match colors and objects; develop social skills like sharing, communication and learning manners; and get lots of practice counting with adorable The Musical Rainbow Tea Party that lights up in magical colors.What's In The Box?The LeapFrog Musical Rainbow Tea Party includes 10 play pieces, including 2 teacups, 6 colorful cake pieces, a cake plate and lighted, musical teapot. Parent Guide & Instruction Book included. ; 