Title: Award Winning Playmags Clear Colors Magnetic Tiles Deluxe Building Set 100 Piece Set with Car ; Description: NOW MORE VALUE THAN ANY OTHER SET!!  This 100 piece set includes a car base with wheels and eight different shapes so that kids can now stretch their imagination to the next level. More shapes means more designs, and more designs means more hours of play fun!From Dr. Toy:PlaymagsTM Magnetic Building Blocks attract on all sides and the combinations form many different shapes and structures. From flat designs to squares, pyramids, plus many more unlimited geometric shapes. Tiles easily connect, which prompts kids to move from constructing two-dimensional to three-dimensional creations. Magnificent high rise 3D towers are designed by kids who have developed into critical thinkers through creative play. As they build, kids develop tools for spatial problem-solving tasks, logical thinking, and math reasoning. Bright colored tiles come in many shapes include squares, triangles, and more, and in different sizes. Blocks easily connect and inspire creativity, brain development patterning, shape recognition, building, and motor skills.From The National Parenting Center:
Playmags are a truly remarkable open-ended building toy. One of the most popular submissions of this testing period kids and parents alike were captivated and couldn't stop building and endless variety of shapes, structures, you name it. Each person brought their own imagination, creativity, originality and resourcefulness. The set comes with 100 brightly colored, translucent pieces. There are triangles in three different sizes and two square sizes. Magnets are inserted inside the edges and that's about all you need to know. The magnets are strong enough to construct pretty solid structures, These pieces got a real workout but never broke or shattered. Parents noted that while the basic idea is building and playing they saw that their children were learning physics, geometry, math, spatial reasoning and architecture without even knowing it. ; 