Title: LeapFrog Disney Doc McStuffins Learning Game (works with LeapPad Tablets and Leapster GS) ; Description: "The Doc McStuffins Clinic for stuffed animals and toys is now open! Hop aboard Rescue Ronda and pick up patients who need your help. Join Doc, Lambie, Stuffy and Hallie back in the clinic to examine the toys' spots, scratches, bumps and bruises. Then make a diagnosis and recommend just the right treatment. Add a page to the Big Book of Boo-Boos for every case you cure. Age 3-5 years Features Person or dragon, tiny or tall&#x2014;sometimes we tumble and sometimes we fall: Everyone gets hurt sometimes! Glo-Bo, Bubble Monkey and Professor Hootsburgh, too! Luckily, Doc McStuffins really knows her stuff and will fix 'em up! Help cure Driedout-a-tosis, Blurrystaritis, the Dusty-Musties and more! Search Doc's yard for hurt toys and fly them back to the clinic. Watch out for new bonus items to collect and obstacles to avoid. Then help Doc examine each toy's symptoms with a selection of tools including a stethoscope and magnifying glass during their check-up. Use observation, logic and reasoning skills to make a diagnosis and give each patient the treatment they need. Review each patient's case and replay it by tapping on its page in the Big Book of Boo-Boos. Each of the 24 clever diagnoses build in a fun lesson about health and hygiene, teaching about the importance of hand-washing, teeth brushing and getting fresh air.   Earn special bandages for achievements. Create your own designs in the Bandage Art Studio by selecting colors, patterns, stamps and photos. Save up to 10 bandages and then decorate Boo Boo Bear!   Learning Difference ""Being a doctor involves a lot of problem-solving, logic and reasoning. This game allows children to build those skills as they play along with Doc.  Plus, it teaches children about health and hygiene topics, and addresses their fears of the doctor by explaining and familiarizing players with the check-up process and tools."" - Clement C., LeapFrog Learning Expert Works With LeapPad2, LeapPad1, LeapsterGS, Leapster Explorer " ; 