Title: McFarlane Toys Assassin's Creed IV Black Bart Action Figure (Amazon Exclusive) ; Description: McFarlane Toys is proud to announce its partnership with Ubisoft to create action figures from the blockbuster Assassin's Creed series of video games. The Assassin's Creed series tells the story of a heroic order of Assassins, fighting a conspiracy that spans thousands of years. This innovative entertainment franchise takes fans on an adventure through world history - from the Crusades, to the Italian Renaissance, to the American Revolution and beyond. Assassin's Creed has grown to become the fastest-selling new IP of the current console generation. Initially launched in 2007, the first four Assassin's Creed games have sold more than 45 million units worldwide and the franchise is now established as one of the best-selling series ever. Black Bart is an Amazon.com Exclusive Single Figure. During the Golden Age of Piracy, Bartholomew "Black Bart" Roberts captured more ships than any other captain. From this vast armada, only the finest ships were chosen to lead the fleet. Each ship selected would surrender its old name and become known as the "Royal Fortune," the personal vessel of Captain Bartholomew Roberts. Our action figure of this infamous raider features Black Bart clad in a crimson damask waistcoat, epaulettes and tricorne hat: rich, classic apparel befitting such a successful pirate captain. Like all of McFarlane Toys' Assassin's Creed action figures, Black Bart is sculpted with the detail and accuracy that has made us famous among collectors. Every detail is represented, from the filigree of his sword hilt to the embroidery of his jacket. Accessories include sword, pistol, musket and removable hat. Unlockable Game Content: Black Bart's Sails- With the Amazon-exclusive Black Bart action figure, you can customize your pirate ship and go beyond simply flying a black flag. Use the "Black Bart's sails" code to raise an entire set of black sails, trimmed with gold. Transform Edward's ship, the Jackdaw, into a dark, fearsome presence lurking in the Caribbean. ; 