Title: Lumosity, Then To Next Level - Mind Control - Use These Mind Tools And Brain Training To Improve Your Performance And Memory - Learn To Unleash The Power Of Your Mind Using Brain Power Techniques - Buy Program Now To Create, Control, Excel And Become Better Than You Ever Thought. Learn Brain Focus. Find The Genius Within You! ; Description: Finally, This Advanced Audio Program Has Arrived...Your Personal Mind Tools To Unlocking The Genius Within.Imagine harnessing the  power you  have within. Visualize what you could  achieve if you unleashed the power of your mind. The new ideas that  you could create, the ability to surpass all your previous expectations and take your life to that next level  of  excitement and achievement.Top  athletes,  leaders in industry and society,  and the world's top  achievers  all  have one thing in common,  they have learned how to harness the power of their MINDS.You too, can join the ranks of these top achievers!&#x2022;  Step Outside the Box, Boost Your Life & Career,  Skyrocket Your Success!&#x2022;  Change Your Personality, Rid Yourself Of Unwanted  Habits, Take Control!&#x2022;  Use These Techniques to Improve and Use Your Intuition To Your Advantage!You will be able to assign new beliefs into your subconscious mind easily  using the Mind Tools in this program.  How would you like to think, feel and believe as Bill Gates does?  Do you think that would have an impact on your ability to generate more  money?  Your mind is like a fertile field, but you must plant the right crops if you wish to yield an abundant success.You are what you think. Your dominant  thoughts tend to be realized, SO you must control those thoughts  and create ones that will lead you to super achievement and incredible success. This Program will guide you and start you on the Path to New heights, New beginnings,  quick start your creative and intuitive mind. This cd can be run on all computers and cd players.Don't wait and put off your success a minute longer. Get started now, click the buy button and take your first  step into a new realm of excitement. ; 